huge news today for crypto Wells Fargo
America's third largest bank owns spot
Bitcoin ETFs this is per recent SEC
filings and according to the filings
Wells Fargo holds positions in Gray
scales spot Bitcoin ETF proshares
Bitcoin strategy Futures ETF and shares
in Bitcoin Depot Inc making a notable
entry into the Bitcoin market and while
all of them are nice it's the grayscale
spot not Bitcoin ETF that affects price
as grayscale has to buy the actual
Bitcoin maybe Wells Fargo is the reason
we've officially started to see some
days of net inflows into gbtc of course
it's very possible that Wells Fargo was
buying before this they could have been
buying into the selling because the
reason we're starting to see these
disclosures is because May 15th is the
deadline May 15th is the date for 13 F
filings for Q 1 they required
disclosures by institutions this is the
exact same reason that actually earlier
this week investment firm giant sasquat
aana International Group revealed an SEC
filing that it now holds 1.8 billion in
spot Bitcoin and other Bitcoin ETFs
institutional investors are accumulating
Bitcoin in
bulk and really the only thing bigger
than having America's third largest bank
now owning Bitcoin is that we now have
number one a few hours after Wells Fargo
made the disclosures America's largest
bank JP Morgan Chase disclosed spot
Bitcoin ETF Holdings as well this is
breaking news this is a huge change and
turns out JP Morgan the largest US Bank
has been buying these Bitcoin ETFs even
while the CEO Jamie Diamond has been
publicly hating on it
I could care less what Bitcoin trades
for how it trades why it trades who
trades it if you're stupid enough to buy
it you'll pay the price for it one day
I've also told people that it can trade
at $100,000 before it trades to zero
know tulip buls traded for $75,000 on
something like that the only value of a
Bitcoin is what the other guy will pay
for let me ask you about Bitcoin because
that was another famous comment that you
made that it's a fraud now we see ins
which I regret making the blockchain is
real you can have crypto dollars Yen and
stuff like that icos you got look at
everyone individually the Bitcoin it was
always to me is was what the governments
are going to feel about Bitcoin it gets
really big and I just have a different
opinion of the people I'm I'm I'm not
interested that much in the subject at
all I personally think that Bitcoin is
worthless but I don't want to be a
spokesman for I don't care it makes no
difference to me and I've made my views
perfectly clear about crypto tokens are
like pet rocks and this and and and
people hyping this stuff up that doesn't
doesn't mean blockchain is not real that
doesn't mean smart contracts won't be
real or
web3.0 Bitcoin itself is a is a hyped up
fraud it's a pet rocket you're back to
that really of course yeah how do you
know it's going to stop at 21 million
because I mention to peoplei everyone
says that well maybe it's going to get
to 21 million and satoshi's picture is
going to come up and laugh at you all
even at the beginning of this year a few
weeks after the Bitcoin spot ETFs came
into existence Jamie Diamond said
this number one I don't care so just
please stop talking about this and
and I don't know what he would say about
blockchain versus currencies that do
something versus Bitcoin that does
nothing it maybe that not different than
me but you know this is what makes a
market people have opinions this is the
last time I've ever State my opinion I
think there's a good chance that when
Bitcoin when we get to that 20 million
Bitcoin go to 42 no that satachi is
going to come on there laugh
hysterically go quiet all Bitcoin is
going to be erased
and I don't know why a crypto dollar
would ever be something that you know a
store value would be worse than a crypto
uh Bitcoin so uh that's my view and I I
may be wrong and which I doubt but I
predicted this subscribers of altcoin
daily were ready for this because what
would Jamie Diamond do if he wanted to
buy a lot of Bitcoin well he would go on
CNBC and trash it he would say it's
going to zero the price would dip and he
would buy that's not illegal they fud
crypto in public and buy it in private
in fact looking at the recent JP Morgan
disclosures we can see they own some of
fidelity spot Bitcoin ETF some of black
Rock's spot Bitcoin ETF also bitwise is
spot Bitcoin ETF but this is the most
important part of today's video most
other crypto channels won't share this
with you I will I'll keep it real with
you if we look at how much coin JP
Morgan Chase actually own through the
ETFs about
$47,000 of Bitcoin Depot Inc
$25,000 of the bitwise Bitcoin ETF
$2,000 of bitwise $1,000 of fidelity $2
of grayscale and then 445,000 plus
32,000 of ey shares that's black rocks
Bitcoin ETF and although this amount the
amount of money allocated to each ETF
seems a bit underwhelming compared to
what other institutions are choosing to
allocate to purchase Bitcoin Bloomberg
ETF analyst James safer breaks down the
truth that JP Morgan and susat Hannah
and others are just market makers and or
APS that stands for authorized
participants for these ETF issuers and
JP Morgan's ownership isn't necessarily
indicative of anything other than this
is how many shares they had on the last
day of March meaning they're just
holding the Bitcoin they're just
Redeeming the shares as authorized
participants for Black Rock and others
and if you're making markets in these
things the number of shares held could
swing heavily day-to-day the 13f data is
simply a snapshot of long positions held
on the last day of March 13fs don't show
shorts or derivatives so we don't even
have a full look at their true exposure
on three 31 so in all transparency this
does not make Jamie Diamond a hypocrite
not not this not yet as senior ETF
analyst Eric balunis States we'll
probably see many of the big Banks
report some Holdings in the role as
Market maker
slaps that is different from them buying
for the exposure and thus less
hypocritical in jpm's case again other
channels won't share this with you I
will click subscribe to join this
revolution but because of these
disclosures that are due on May 15th
what is notable in my opinion is the
sheer number of holders that each has so
far ibit that's black rocks is up to
250 that's Bonkers for the first quarter
of the market so looking at the data
Black Rock has 250 number of holders
Fidelity has
136 bitwise has 60 Arc has 42 which
doesn't seem that significant but then
here's the comparison of the other ETFs
launched in the same weekish as the BTC
ones they have a lot of zeros and then a
lot of ones and threes and also we still
have like a week of 13fs to roll in yet
and looking at altcoin news polka dots
dot price has fallen more than 20% in
the last 30 days to
$6.90 as a press time but record
breaking user engagement M on polka dot
the network boasted around 650,000
active addresses on chain at the end of
April dot is under value now according
to analysts we have xcad launching their
first Creator token on actual exchanges
this has launched fan token platform
xcad has released its creator token
launch for one of the biggest YouTubers
in South America the datato YouTube it
appears to be a success Don has had a
very successful launch yesterday even
hitting 100x a great win for the xcad
network excited for other crater
launches after this one I'm sure a lot
more will follow in the near future and
obviously that return has subsided as
all launches do and to me I have no clue
uh the long-term value of one person's
creater token I don't live in South
America but to me it's just interesting
that creators are launching fan tokens
off of xcad and they're going on actual
exchanges that's wild and that is the
video my name's Austin like always see
you tomorrow
