guys the market is looking really boring
right now and we're just going sideways
we're going down we're slowly bleeding
today guys I am going to talk about what
I see happening for Bitcoin and why now
is actually the time to pay attention so
guys make sure to stick around from the
beginning until the end of this video
Welcome Back everybody my name is Chris
bringing you cryptocurrency videos every
day teaching you how to make money in
this market if you're new to the channel
then make sure to subscribe and activate
the Bell right now so let's get straight
into it guys and on The Daily time frame
what you can see here is that we
actually did have a big red candle and
we finally broke down below the orange
line at
$61,000 and not only that for the last
two days we have actually tried to break
through this point here we haven't been
able to do so and instead we are right
now under the orange line here and uh
with all of the price action you're
seeing right here making lower highs I
am looking looking for potentially The
$57,000 Orange Box to be hit here now
what you're seeing in general is a Time
consolidation what you're seeing is a
Time capitulation so what do I mean by
that well we already had the price
capitulation so we went from
$74,000 down to $56,000 now in general
these are the kind of pullbacks you see
in Bull markets in which we typically
see higher prices come up from so this
is just a typical bull market uh draw
down essentially but that is the price
capitulation but what we also getting
right now is the time capitulation and
what I mean by that is that you can have
a capitulation in the price going down
from x amount down to x amount okay in
this case it was 74 down to 56 so the
time uh capitulation would be when
you're also going sideways and people
are just getting bored people are losing
hope a little bit you're seeing activity
die down that is the time capitulation
and that is what you are seeing right
now because in general if you look at
traditional markets traditional markets
are going up the S&P 500 is having more
volatility right now on a risk adjusted
basis but if you go to this chart I want
to show you something uh quite
interesting so we are on the daily time
frame and what you can see is that
typically when it comes to these time
capitulations we get rejected by the 50
day moving average so you can see right
here we got rejected by the 50-day
moving average we went down uh a little
bit but mostly we went sideways here and
then finally we broke through it and we
had a big pump another time capitulation
over a prolonged period of time you can
see right here we got rejected multiple
times again of of the 50-day moving
average you can also see here got
rejected and right now we're also on a
point in which we've been rejected
multiple times by the 50-day moving
average but what I wanted to show you
also if you just take this entire period
right here it's basically from May of
2023 until October of 2023 and yes we
did have a a little bit of a pop right
here but then we continue to go sideways
and you can see that if you compare the
price it was
28,300 right here on May and in October
it was the same so it was 28,500 right
here it was
$28,000 right here so for almost like
six seven eight months the price didn't
really react that much and what you saw
during this time period is just like I
showed you activity dies down interest
slows down and that is the time
capitulation that you saw right here and
then after that you saw a big big
massive pump to WS UPS side and we
entered into a parabolic phas so I would
say pay attention right now even though
it seems like everything is boring these
are the kind of circumstances in which
you can accumulate a big bag close or at
the bottom now the problem with these
ones is that you do not really know if
you are going to go down lower how long
they're going to take and anything like
that because even right here or let's
take this one uh you could have uh
bought at any points here and you would
have made big profits eventually however
what tends to happen in these kind of
consolidations is that people get bored
and they sell and they sell here at the
bottom at the consolidation and then
they sell and then you have a little bit
of a pump some might jump back in and
then you have another drop and they say
okay I was right the first time I'm just
going to sell my back so it kind of
wears people down I would even say that
most people have more trouble dealing
with the time capitulation compared to
the price because if the price goes down
okay it sucks but then if it jumps a big
part that optimism that you had just a
few days prior it's still going to more
or less be intact you just had a
pullback but with time as time keeps on
wearing on people that tends to be
harder for people to deal with and
that's also why you are able to uh get
better entries when you have these
sideways consolidations and just like I
said you do not know if it's going to
last where are we right now for instance
if if you take this one right here where
are we right now are we here at the
bottom or are we somewhere midr are we
at the beginning or are we at the end we
just do not know but I think that we're
going to have some more time
consolidation probably during the summer
now I'm not saying that we're
necessarily going to have big drops in
the Bitcoin price I just think that
there's going to be some sideways action
chops here up and down and this is also
strengthened with us now losing this
Orange Box at 6300 ,000 we weren't able
to reclaim this comfortably so maybe
some consolidation between 57 to 63 and
this consolidation could actually be
longer than most people anticipate now
for me I'm not selling any Bitcoin
because just like I said we do not
really know if we're at the beginning or
at the end of the consolidation we do
not know if we are at the lower or the
upper range of the consolidation in
terms of price either but what I do know
is that the lower Bitcoin goes the
better the end Tre obviously so I will
have some money on the sidelines ready
for if we go down lower but I do not
think you're going to see any crazy
drops it's more going to be a matter of
time doing its thing and people getting
bored and that is going to be the time
consolidation that we are seeing
starting right now it has been going on
for a while already but uh yeah I think
it's going to last for a little while
longer so that is what I believe guys we
will see if that is going to be the case
also by the way guys this is not a
Bitcoin problem the consolidation that
you're seeing right now is not only for
Bitcoin it is for risk assets as a whole
here in blue you have the NASDAQ which
is um well more speculative uh stocks in
general so while you have the s&p500 it
is more established well on NASDAQ
people are a little bit more D it's a
little bit more risk right here and you
can see that NASDAQ is also more or less
sideways since the 1st of March just
like Bitcoin is more or less sideways
since the 1st of March so this has to do
with the overall sentiment in the market
right now this is not a Bitcoin problem
now what I will point out also as we see
this consolidation as I've been saying
for my last few videos be careful with
altcoins that have big unlocks because
people are not going to be willing to
dump their money to buying those unlocks
so instead what you're going to see is
investors sell off their unlocks and
altcoin prices for specific projects are
going to go down so we need to be aware
of that as well we need to keep our eyes
on alt coins that have big unlocks
coming up because they could also bleed
even harder as you see the sideways
action continue here and also this is
kind of solidified by the uh onchain
data here we have a historical low for
uh for Bitcoin here as Traders have
dramatically slow transactions in the
two months since it's alltime high this
isn't necessarily a sign of more Bitcoin
dips but rather a signal of crowd fear
and indecision I would say it's just a
you know it's it's the sign of people
being bored onchan action is not
happening as much in fact it's at a new
low since what did they say since
December of
2018 and uh since January of
2019 so yeah the market is bored right
now we already had all of the bigger
Catalyst like the ETF the um having all
of these things so that is fine for me
guys I am in this market for the long
run and I know that even if we continue
going sideways for months to come well
that is a very good opportunity to one
accumulate more and also it's ideal for
my trading strategy so I am perfectly
fine with that but what do you think
guys let me know down in the comment
section eventually we're going to see
higher prices for Bitcoin eventually
we're going to see those parabolic moves
that is what I believe but for now let's
make the best out of this sideways
action we are seeing thank you so much
for watching this video guys I will see
you guys in the next one
