there are three reasons why people adopt
crypto for fun for speculation and out
of necessity in many parts of the world
crypto adoption is happening because of
the third reason typically because Fiat
currencies are losing value or because
governments have imposed strict Capital
controls a recent report by one of the
world's largest financial institutions
reveals how much crypto is being used
out of necessity today we're going to
summarize it and tell you what it means
for the crypto
Market the report that we'll be
summarizing today is titled a primer on
bitcoin cross border flows it was
published by the international monetary
fund or IMF an unaccountable and
unelected organization that is Infamous
for giving out US dollar loans to
developing countries with lots of
conditions attached this is significant
because organizations like the IMF see
cryptocurrencies as a threat to the US
dollar based Fiat Financial system that
they promote and they preserve the fact
that the IMF is examining btc's use in
crossb transactions suggests it's
concerned about btc's use in this
context we'll come back to that a little
bit later by the way the full report
will be in the description if you are
interested now the report begins with a
brief introduction to bitcoin not
surprisingly the authors fail to make
the distinction between Bitcoin the
network and BTC the cryptocoin that
pumps and dumps to be fair this is a
distinction that most people fail to
make even in crypto that's why we have
been repeating it moving on the authors
then note that the blockchain technology
that is underlying the Bitcoin Network
implies that BTC the cryptocurrency is
frequently being sent around the globe
the thing is is that it's difficult to
figure out just how many BTC
transactions are related specifically to
crossborder flows the authors explained
that this is due to both the
pseudonymity of the Bitcoin blockchain
and also the fact that many BTC
transactions take place offchain on
places such as exchanges for those
unfamiliar pseudonymity means that the
data is public and viewable but not
connected to personal information news
flash but BTC
and most cryptocurrencies are not
private or Anonymous merely pseudonymous
anyways given these facts the IMF
reports authors employed multiple
onchain and offchain measures to try and
assess just how many BTC transactions
are going across borders they reveal
something interesting yet intuitive and
that's that crossborder BTC transactions
behave differently from regular BTC
transactions obviously this means that
crossb transactions for BTC are easy to
identify so how many of them are there
the authors give a teaser and that's
that the total value of BTC being sent
across borders is larger than the GDP of
many countries notably crossb BTC
transactions appear to be larger on
average what's fascinating here is that
the authors also touch on some of the
research that they have already done on
this topic they cite a previous study
about flows between BTC and the Chinese
one and found that BTC CNY flows
fluctuate based on what's going on with
capital controls suggesting Capital
flight they then site another more
recent study which found that BTC is
increasingly being used as a tool to
send remittance and invade Capital
controls in developing countries they
reveal that this has resulted in more
research into btc's use to evade Capital
controls seemingly confirming that the
IMF is focused on it as you might have
guessed the authors note that while
btc's crossb flows are still small
relative to Fiat currencies btc's
adoption and crypto's evolution are
increasing fast and this means that lots
of data is needed to and I quote
targeted policy response in the future
in other words the folks who control The
Current financial system are starting to
get nervous about people using BTC and
crypto to circumvent current and future
Capital controls make no mistake Capital
controls will be implemented in
developing countries too if the
situation gets bad enough this
underscores another thing that we have
been repeating and that's that the
Financial Freedom does not mean having
lots of money it means being able to do
whatever you want with your money
whenever you want and in case you didn't
get the memo this is only truly possible
with decentralized cryptos like BTC and
money Commodities like gold by the way
if you're enjoying the video so far be
sure to smash that like button and give
the video a boost and be sure to
subscribe to the channel and ping that
notification Bell so you don't miss the
next one now in the second part of the
report the authors explain exactly how
they track btc's crossborder
transactions using onchain and offchain
data they start by noting that previous
research found that btc's onchain volume
is slightly larger than offchain volume
but don't specify by how much they then
say that there are three types of crypto
exchanges centralized exchanges
peer-to-peer exchanges and decentralized
exchanges this is a bit odd because it
implies that peer-to-peer exchanges and
decentralized exchanges are offchain
which depending on the circumstances
isn't always the case say speaking of
exchanges did you know that the coin
Bureau deals page has tradeing fee
discounts of up to 60% and sign up
bonuses of up to $60,000 on some of the
best crypto exchanges these deals are
only available to the viewers and won't
be around for long so take advantage of
them using the link down below now in
any case the authors then go on to
explain that they began analyzing btc's
transaction data by identifying which
Bitcoin wallets belong to to exchanges
they did this using a mix of previous
research and publicly available data
Note that most blockchain explorers will
know which wallet addresses belong to an
exchange in the end they were able to
determine that 5% of the Bitcoin wallet
addresses that analyzed belonged to no
less than 80 crypto exchanges which
collectively sent and received more than
1.6 million BTC transactions naturally
The Next Step was then to assess which
countries these exchanges are based in
once again the authors use a mix of
previous research and publicly available
information to figure out where all 80
crypto exchanges are based then they use
data from chainalysis to assess where
the Bitcoin wallets transacting with
these exchanges are based FYI this is
how they can track you more about that
in the description now moving on finally
the authors use data from the
peer-to-peer BTC exchange local Bitcoins
to see where Fiat currencies fit into
the picture this data set contained
information about 40 million BTC
transactions involving 136 Fiat
currencies between 2017 and 2023 and
applied an algorithm to filter by
country if you're a bit lost the authors
provide this useful infographic showing
you what aspects of onchain and offchain
data they analyze
you recall there are three onchain chain
analysis and local Bitcoins together
they provide the necessary data to get a
sense of btc's crossborder transactions
this ties into the third part of the
report which analyzes btc's crossborder
transactions the authors start by adding
another important statistic to the mix
and that's regular cross Capital flows
which they measure using trafi data and
which even they admit isn't the best
hm regardless they found that the
average onchain size of crossb BTC
transactions is over 13 BTC compared to
an average of roughly 0.02 BTC of
offchain as you might have guessed the
average size of both onchain and
offchain BTC transactions has been
falling over time as btc's price has
been rising the authors also found that
the largest cross border BTC flows
occurred in parts of Latin America
Eastern Europe Asia and Africa the heat
map shows where crossb BTC transactions
are happening the most it is eye
openening as it reveals just how much of
the world seems to be using BTC it gets
even more eye openening when you
consider the author's third finding
which is the enormous size of these
crossb flows in relation to the GDP of
the countries involved the heat map for
this can be seen here it paints a clear
picture some BTC flows account for
almost
2.5% of a country's GDP to their credit
the authors did some extra analysis to
see whether macro and crypto factors
played any role in these crossb BTC
flows this relates to the fourth part of
the report where the authors did an
empirical analysis to assess just how
similar BTC flows are to standard cross
Capital flows they found that while
cross Capital flows are impacted by
macro factors like a strong US dollar
crossb BTC flows effectively aren't they
believe this is because most crossb BTC
flows are likely related to remittances
or Capital controls which don't really
care much about what the FED are saying
or doing conversely crypto factors like
sentiment had an impact on crossb BTC
flows and even had had a minor impact on
some standard cross Capital flows this
suggests that there must be a big
overlap between trafi investors and BTC
investors somewhere which makes sense
but is still a surprising finding
another crypto specific factor that
seems to influence crossb BTC flows is
the parallel premium which is basically
the difference between BTC prices in
exchanges the authors note that when the
parallel premium Rises crossb BTC flows
increase this again suggests Capital
control
evasion the authors say this is very
likely because a change in btc's
parallel premium is correlated to lower
inflows for tradire
assets they know that the underlying
factor causing this link between BTC and
Trad fight assets is exchange rate
differentials and that is the sudden
change in the price of Fiat currencies
in the final part of the report they
conclude that based on their admittedly
limited data there are lots of
crossboard BTC transactions and most of
them are very large they highlight the
fact that onchain transactions are the
elephant in the room and that both types
point to Capital control evasion they
know that these findings are consistent
with findings on a recent report and
point to an IMF paper published back in
2023 3 which effectively advise
countries with strict Capital controls
to crack down on crypto they admit that
btc's crossb flows may not be entirely
related to Capital controls instead they
could be related to plain old exchange
rate volatility for reference most Fiat
currencies aren't that stable they're
just stable relative to other Assets in
relation to the US dollar even then
there have been some major fat
currencies like the Japanese Yen that
has fallen by double digits in months
the authors advise any Central Bankers
or any government officials reading to
minimize this exchange rate volatility
presumably because it likewise results
in more BTC and crypto adoption funly
enough the authors don't advise that
they improve their trafi Capital inflows
but that seems to be another factor to
clarify the authors found that try
Capital inflows were in inversely
correlated to crossb BTC flows the
higher the trafy capital inflows a
country had the fewer crossb BTC
transactions there were this suggests
that people without access to a good
trfi Market are invested in crypto
instead on that note the authors caution
that the recent approval of the spot
Bitcoin ETF could essentially
supercharge btc's adoption and use in
other contexts in the future presumably
due to its price effects they warned
that and I quote this user convergence
could certainly complicate policy
responses translation the spot Bitcoin
ETFs will increase BTC adoption more
generally and the IMF doesn't like it if
that wasn't spooky enough the authors
seem to suggest that every BTC
transaction ought to have kyc attached
to it someday so that adequate policy
can be implemented to mitigate its
adoption before I tell you about what
this all means for the crypto Market I
want to go back to that 2023 IMF paper
that was cited by the authors about
proposed policies related to crypto and
capital controls that's because it
reveals there's an agenda behind the
report we just summarized the agenda we
mentioned earlier to refresh your memory
the purpose of the IMF is to promote and
preserve the dollar-based Global
Financial system that we have today it
sees BDC and crypto as a threat to this
financial system so much so that it's
even come up with a term meant to show
the ills of crypto adoption
cryptoz the citing of the IMF 2023 paper
is a dead giveaway that there is an
agenda because the policy
recommendations were published before
most of the reports cited the authors
about btc's use in evading Capital
controls they started with the
conclusion and then produced the data
just to justify it this is where things
get scary because the IMF paper cited by
the authors of this report doesn't even
contain a policy recommendation about
btc's use in evading Capital controls
the only mention of capital controls
falls under a warning that mass crypto
adoption will make monetary policy less
effective this is scary because it
implies that Capital controls will be
used to ensure that monetary policy
remains effective if you watch our video
about the man who predicted everything
you'll know that he thinks this is
exactly what's going to happen countries
will impose Capital controls to manage
their debts you might also recall that
he believes that governments around the
world will crack down on BTC precisely
because it can be used to evade these
Capital controls the caveat is that the
IMF doesn't seem to be concerned about
BTC at least not yet from the IMF
perspective stable coins are a bigger
threat per the 2023 paper and I quote
the transmission of monetary policy
would weaken if firms and households
prefer to save and invest in crypto
assets that are not Peg to the domestic
fiat currency the risk of currency
substitution is particularly pertinent
for countries with unstable currencies
and weak monetary framework cryptoz is
more likely to be associated with the
adoptions of stable coins denominated in
foreign
currencies in case you haven't noticed
this is why we've seen stable coin
regulations pop up around the world
every country that isn't already
dollarized is terrified of its domestic
currency being replaced by a de facto
digital dollar at the same time they
need to find some way to subsidize their
growing debts that's why not paid to the
domestic fiat currency is the most
important part of that quote it doesn't
mean that stable coins will be banned
entirely rather it means that it will
only be possible to issue a new stable
coins that are pegged to a country's
domestic currency these would all be de
facto
cbdcs this brings me to the big question
and that's what all of this means for
the crypto Market namely BTC in short
it's both bullish and bearish for
contexts the IMF has never considered
BTC to be a currency it has explicitly
avoided using the term currency to drive
home the fact that it is not a currency
however the report we summarized today
along with the other recent reports it
sites suggests that the IMF is starting
to wake up to the fact that BTC is being
treated as a currency by millions of
people around the world although this
doesn't mean that BTC is a currency it's
a big step in that direction this means
that the IMF has has no other choice but
to start treating BTC as a currency in
its policy recommendations or at the
very least as an asset that has economic
significance internationally remember
that crossb BTC transactions account for
as much as
2.5% of some Count's gdps never mind the
possibility that some of these crossb
transactions are actually crossborder
trades this is bullish because it's
proof that Bitcoin adoption is growing
not just BTC speculation but it's also
bearish because this growth is starting
to catch the attention of the likes of
the IMF just like stable coins did when
they became front and center during the
last crypto Market cycle due to their
rapid growth of course the Catalyst for
attention in btc's case is the approval
of the spot Bitcoin ETFs in the US and
what's likely to be the approval of the
spot Bitcoin ETFs in every major
economic area around the world these
ETFs will not only increase btc's price
but also lower its volatility making it
more currency like if we can see this
coming you can bet that the IMF does too
that's probably why it's being proactive
by letting central banks and governments
around the world know that BTC could
soon become a tool to evade their
inevitable Capital controls and unlike
stable coins they can't freeze BTC
transactions in case you miss the memo
stable coins like uscc can and have been
frozen by their issuers anyhow this all
pertains to the other crypto regulations
being pushed by other unaccountable and
unelected international organizations
such as the financial action task force
to bring you up to speed these so-called
recommendations involve making it more
difficult to do things on Chain by
labeling such activities as high risk we
are already seeing these regulations
come into play with restrictions around
crypto wallets and added data collection
when withdrawing from depositing to an
exchange these restrictions will only
get worse the Silver Lining is that they
will simultaneously allow for more
Capital to flow into crypto with that in
mind you start to wonder if the spot
Bitcoin ETFs are ultimately a troan
horse to make BTC another Triad fight
asset that can only be transacted
offchain then again the spot Bitcoin
ETFs could just as easily be a troan
horse to make BDC another Global Reserve
currency that competes with the US
dollar I guess we're about to find out
either
way and that's all for today's video If
you learned something new be sure to
smash that like button and let us know
if you want to keep learning subscribe
to the channel and ping that
notification Bell if you want to help
others learn about how BGC is being used
besides speculation share this video
with them as always thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you all in the
next one this is Jessica signing off
[Music]
