the Bitcoin price is crashing actually
more consolidating sideways
consolidation coming off the crash we
saw as much as 23% from all-time highs
and understanding this is healthy and
looking into the future here are six
crypto Investments That Could 10x in
2024 keep in mind I cannot see the
future I'm not a financial adviser and
my bias is that Bitcoin has not topped
out for the year if you believe Bitcoin
has already topped and is going lower
then riskier altcoins are not the
investment to make but I believe Bitcoin
has not topped out I believe Bitcoin has
about a 2X left in it maybe not even
that I've always said between 100,000
and 120,000 is my projection for Bitcoin
this cycle and if Bitcoin can twox then
my bias is these altcoins in the top 10
can anywhere from maybe 3x to 10x as you
go lower these altcoins can 10x to 100x
depending on how low you go and which
ones you pick and if that sounds
unbelievable let me just share let's
take polka dot for example currently top
16 T polka dot 10x well it's already a
pretty high market cap but just looking
closer I believe if nothing else polka
dot can return to its all-time highs if
not this year in the next few years and
many altcoins won't return to their
all-time highs I believe polka dot is
still imp implementing I believe it will
and because it is still
87.4% down from its all-time high if it
just returns that's a 7.9 practically an
8X from here so polka dot even being a
high cap even being in the top 16 I
believe has at least an adex and by the
way just because an altcoin is down near
90% from its all-time high doesn't mean
it only has 10% to go any altcoin can
keep dropping it can go down another 9 %
the key is to pick the ones that won't
so first coin on my list I am still
bullish on currently ranked 58th is
injective I think simply put uh
injective uh it's just blockchain that's
built specifically for finance I loved
this explanation on what injective is
from founding member Eric Chen what that
means is that you know every single core
component uh every single module every
single upgrade every single uh
integration improvements it's all you
know aimed at uh improving the Financial
offering of this infrastructure and
focused on you know um but three
Financial applications now not only does
the ecosystem continue to grow not only
is it interoperable with both Solana and
Cosmos but also the news today is
injective plans a layer three chain on
arbitrum meaning that while they're
already connected to ethereum Cosmos and
Solana networks arbitrum is next and
even though arbitrum is an L2 of eth
injectives new expans expansion will
rely for its infrastructure on arbitrum
orbit toolkit which allows developers to
build customizable chains with arbitrum
technology while accessing
interoperability between multiple
ecosystems that's bullish for the
continued growth next coin on our list
we have an update for AI crypto LimeWire
I don't know if You' call it streaming
service at the time but it was that at
the time and now it's back but this time
AI is essentially making the music and
while they are much newer me meaning
much lower lower market cap on the list
of top altcoins they're aiming to be top
10 positive sign we already among the
top 25 AI tokens on coin market cap we
are aiming to to to be among the top 10
AI tokens by the end of this year for
those who don't know any artists can go
on the lime wire platform and create
music using AI create a track from
scratch or upload an image to get a
fitted sound even just write a
description a fast-paced EDM track with
a deep base and lime wire will create
some music which you own and whether
they use other tracks as influence or
even if somebody samples the music you
make on their platform because it's on
the blockchain All rights are yours all
ownership and payment revenue is yours
then news today which actually comes out
of their Community call from just a few
days ago there's a product update on the
horizon everybody knows it already that
is part of our community at least you
should um we have been working quite a
lot on the AI Studio update which is a
new interface for the AI Studio there
will also be a chat assistant component
our creator assistant for a much better
user experience uh for any Creator on
the platform um we've been working with
this a lot this year already we are very
close to the lounge so very much looking
forward to this product release I think
this is a major step on the platform
experience side of things and usability
and next coin on today's list is an
upand cominging crypto game it's called
My Lovely planet and actually it's one
of the fastest growing web 3 mobile
games on the App Store and Google Play
and this is my type of game I love these
just casual don't really have to think
about it but are just fun you can just
play on your phone and this one is
significant due to the exponential
growth we have hit an incredible
Milestone with over
170,000 monthly active users and there's
three big things I like about this game
number one real world impact as you
level up in the game they plant real
world trees real trees based on how you
game together we've planted a total of
137,000 trees my lovely family it's also
awardwinning and from Ubisoft Labs so it
has that credibility I was actually
speaking in Dubai about how much I loved
more of the Casual games in crypto and I
wish that there was a good casual crypto
phone game I could play and then the
founder was in the audience and
approached me at the end of the talk and
said hey Austin our game is available
free to play right now in the App Store
but our token is not live yet we're
doing a quest we're giving out our
tokens for people that do simple tasks
complete the quest each week find the
lost Earth's gems and earn precious mlc
token before listing he asked me Austin
can I sponsor this segment of today's
video to let your audience know about
this quest which ends in a few days
absolutely link down below I'm already
doing the quest myself I want to earn
some of those tokens almost 200,000
people are questing as well and for
those who need one use my access code
linked down below and essentially it's
so easy I get points just for connecting
my Twitter just for following my lovely
planets account just for liking a tweet
etc etc over
$300,000 already distributed anybody can
download the game and start playing
today but for those of you the one earn
some mlc token join the quest link down
below and next coin on today's list with
a potential 10x you know what I am going
to go with polka dot you could say
Austin Solana cardano polka dot
Avalanche Tron all in the same boat
they're all prominent l1s they are all
still implementing well the truth is yes
I think all of them especially Solana
cardano and polka dot will do well for
different reasons polka dot is the
lowest market cap so there is more
upside potential but really a big reason
that's not often talked about on how
polka dot is different than a cardano or
a Solana the first part is uh Angie
giving a a setup on the process we went
through with the SEC over the past three
years so without further Ado back in
2022 they went to the SEC they said we
want to be compliant almost like they
foresaw that Gary Gensler was going to
crack down we named this session less
truth less trust more truth on the polka
do Network um because that really is a
mantra that has been driving us over the
last three years and this whole um you
know process of sticking to our ethos of
true decentralization and so um really
what I'll describe is the three-year uh
process with the SEC um this was both
both with the office of finhub and the
SEC division of Corporation Finance this
was not with enforcement which is a
totally different division who we never
thankfully engaged with um so we had a
you know recently had a three-year
anniversary of of this engagement with
finhub and uh Corporation finance and a
few weeks ago uh the web3 foundation
announced in a blog that for the
purposes of US Federal Securities laws
the native do token had morphed and was
no longer a security had morphed had
morphed and was no longer a sec
Securities and then of course last coin
on today's list way down at the bottom
of the first page Ando Finance this was
one of my picks over a month ago top
five rwa crypto altcoins for 2024 I
think this is just such a great
explanation I want to share with you the
full clip what is Ando what is Ando
Finance it's an Institutional grade
Financial platform which is backed by
Founders fund panta capital and coinbase
essentially offering you to earn yield
on us treasuries and the US dollar
onchain they recently had a very big
announcement which is going towards
solving the rwa liquidity problem that
they're going to introduce something
called Global markets a platform to
bring all publicly traded Securities on
chain with Native access to traditional
Securities Exchange liquidity like from
the NASDAQ NYSC and lsse this is
absolutely massive they're solving one
of the biggest problems in rwa they're
also moving into black Rock's fund which
is buidl the tokenization fund the news
today is Ando finan to launch rwa
payment Network this partnership seeks
to expand the operation of usdy a stable
coin known for its stability and
performance give me your thoughts on
today's list down below make sure you
click subscribe because while today was
our potential 10x altcoins for this
cycle I will be dropping my top 30 to
50x much more riskier plays in the
coming weeks click subscribe
