[Music]
the bullish signal I shared with you
last week before we had that big
breakout higher is now here on the
higher term time frames which means new
all-time high prices maybe just around
the corner so in this video here I'll be
talking about this signal on the daily
chart and what it means for Price action
we'll be going through the shortterm and
of course the higher term time frames
the US dollar and also some of the other
critical data I typically share with you
guys so we can stay in tune with what's
going on in the traditional space and of
course what our volume data is doing as
well very very important stuff now
before we get stuck into all of that
please remember that I'm not a financial
adviser always do your own G diligence
and research and past results and not
indicative of future performance okay
before we start out with our chart we
will first take a look at some of the
data and also upcoming announcements
which is on forexfactory.com calendar so
there's not a whole lot coming out this
week we do have the fomc meeting minutes
so that is an event which could give us
a bit more volatility in the market or
at least continue the volatility because
of course we've already seen some really
nice Trends higher now last week of
course we had CPI PPI unemployment
claims this week here all really got
coming out of the US in terms of high
impact announcements is the fomc and
sorry unemployment is this week so we
don't have huge announcements coming out
typically this will shake the
traditional markets up a little bit more
such as stock markets and of course the
US dollar too so of course it's
worthwhile keeping up to date with
what's going on here Mark these dates
and times up in your diary because they
can lead to some high volatility events
especially if there's an a surprise
announcement or something that the
market hasn't really priced in now we
don't really care about the data it's
all about those dates and times and
volatility and there's very little at
the start of the week now in terms of
our crypto data you can see the ETF
flows we've had a nice inflow at the end
of last week now there weren't extreme
amounts of new inflows coming in nothing
like we saw at the January Peak or also
March Peak so while we are seeing some
interest comeback into the market which
of course is good for Price stability
which is what we've seen over the
weekend and of course into the end of
last week we ar seen those extreme
levels of greed yet where there's just
huge amounts of inflows coming into the
space so it's a good one to watch as a
proxy for the Market's fear and greed
with what the retail are doing so again
we'll stay very close to this one this
week as well to see what those inflows
and outflows are doing now in terms of
our daily exchange volume this is
flattening out and we are seeing higher
prices which is a really good sign that
we're not going to be breaking to Fresh
lows anytime soon or at least there's a
reduced probability of that actually
taking place there's a complete lack of
Interest which is evident by the volume
but we are seeing higher prices so again
we are going to stay really close to
this one because I believe this is one
of the best leads we're going to be
getting on the market now the main thing
to keep in mind when we're looking at
this here just like we saw last time
there was about a 70 to 80% crash in the
exchange volume it took around 6 months
for that to build back up this was that
period throughout 2023 where price was
grinding between $25 and $30,000 it took
a really long time for the market to
reaccumulate and then for us to start to
see some breakouts and new highs on this
chart here so we obviously haven't seen
any breaks of highs in our volume or
higher lows on our exchange volume yet
so it will be one to watch but the fact
that we're seeing high prices and still
very low levels of interest is a very
positive sign in my opinion over now to
our long short ratio and liquidations
with people favoring the short side of
the market right now at around 51% of
the market short 49% of the market long
you can see Longs have been getting
wrecked by a huge multiple compared to
shorts because we have seen that
reversal in the last 24 hours but
broadly speaking volume is still very
very low with total 24-hour liquidations
under $100 million while a volume is up
by about 12 % no surprises there because
we are coming off the back of a weekend
session so it will be interesting to see
if we start to get this long short ratio
to balance out to be around 50/50 which
is where it sits most of the time or at
least very close to it but of course
people are still favoring the shorts for
the time being our short-term Trends
have flipped down which I'll get to in
the charts in just a moment now before
we get into the crypto charts we will
first take a look at the US dollar which
is still trending down beautifully right
here as you can see so the big picture
view is that we're going to be trending
lower on our macro charts for the US
dollar we've seen a very long longterm
distribution it's still unconfirmed it's
it is still just consolidation at this
stage because we don't have any big
picture breakdowns as yet but the big
picture view is that we will be seeing a
large breakdown in this chart here and
what I'm looking out for now is a macro
lower high to take place and we may have
seen it over the last month or so so
just to zoom in so you can see what I'm
talking about we had this little double
top take place here coming from the
middle of April and also early may we
have broken down from this Zone here
this is the daily chart remember we've
been rejected away from this Zone and we
have seen it a continuation lower our
daily Trend and one day two bar Trend
have turned down so it's nice to see
some Confluence there which means we now
have an increased chance the weekly time
frame is also going to reverse down as
well it's currently neutral and we have
also broken beneath this swing bottom
that we saw on the 3rd of May and also
beneath these two swing tops from both
February and April as well so what I'd
really like to see now is for some daily
lower highs and even weekly lower highs
beneath this Zone and that would almost
be cementing this as that all important
macro lower high from the current cycle
top which took place in 2022 which will
be setting the market up for a large
move lower in the US dollar and because
there's an inverse relationship between
the US dollar and assets price in
dollars of course including
cryptocurrency it'd be very bullish for
other assets let's just see if we can
get some daily and weekly lower highs
beneath some of these critical levels
coming in at around 104 now you can see
based off that last 50% level from that
run up all right before we get into the
higher time frame stuff and that signal
I was talking about on the daily chart
for Bitcoin we'll start out on the
hourly time frame and then work our way
up to the higher term time frames now
last week I shared with you a signal to
do with a fourth time breakout when
there's three tops around the same price
the fourth time it comes up to that
level it's likely going to be a genuine
breakout and a genuine continuation in
that direction that was shared with you
back around this period here I believe
probably closer to that low there and of
course we had that signal play out and
the Market's continued up very strongly
now this is the hourly chart we are
seeing a similar signal play out on the
daily time frame the signal isn't as
clean and that's an important Nuance to
take note of and I'll go through that
soon but in terms of what's happened
since then with we've obviously bounced
up to our pivot Points found some
resistance on our pivot Points and now
we're starting to see a breakdown on our
hourly charts our 1 hour one bar 1 hour
two bar Trends are down which does mean
we have an increased chance that this
4-Hour trend is also going to turn down
as well if you are new to these pivot
Points I'll just give you a quick
rundown on them I shared my pivot Points
with you probably a couple of months ago
now and the way I use them is I'm always
expecting selling pressure to pick up
when they approach from the underside
and then buying pressure to pick up when
they're approach from the overside now
never means we have to see buying or
selling happen at these lines there's
just increased probability as I hope
I've shown you over the last couple of
months but nothing works all of the time
we're just looking at some probabilities
here but as you can see on the pivot
Points I Shar with you we had selling
pressure pick up and we hit it from the
underside we've hit that next one from
the over overside buying picked up now
here we are just in the recent session
we've continued all the way up to this
Pivot Point selling pressure has
overcome the market and we're now
starting to bust on through so on the
underside of the market the levels I'm
looking out for now continue to be this
all important 50% level at around
$65,100 I've been talking a lot about
655 just for some round numbers there
but the 50% level is actually $65,100 so
should we continue down to this price
point I am expecting the potential for
buying to pick back up again and then
it's a matter of reassessing to see if
our Trends actually change direction on
that line or if in fact we're just
continuing down to that next line so in
terms of some short-term strength and
weakness I'd like to see price get back
on top of this last Pivot Point coming
in at around $66,500 if we can start to
see a break above that zone our
short-term Trends also flip then for me
it's a matter of looking out for a
continuation up to that next to Pivot
Point and likely even going through as
for so the underside I've shared with
you that next level beneath the market
so we'll see what comes about over the
next 12 to 24 hours this is lower term
time frame stuff so this does change
very very quickly up to our 4-Hour chart
you can see we are correcting back down
to that 50% level at 65,00 bucks really
not a whole lot to do on this chart here
you can see the resistance overhead
let's just see where the dust settles
after getting a breakdown on our 4our 1
bar Trend you can see it's neutral at
the moment 4our two bar trend is up and
we are also neutral on The Daily time
frame so we start to see a lack of
Confluence between multiple time frames
you can see red up here blank green
blank you know as we're looking at
multiple time frames it does display a
level of indecision in the market which
means price action may actually get a
little bit choppy until we start to see
Confluence across the board now if you
are wondering about the trend Confluence
table the swing chart lower highs higher
lows all that kind of thing take a look
at the second link in the description
below where you can learn more about it
you can try out the ti again swing
indicator for free for 7even days not
trying to Shield this to you just
letting you know what tools I am using
but we are currently seeing a lack of
Confluence across the board which is
just leading me to believe we're going
be getting some choppy Market action
over the next couple of days perhaps
into the fomc announcement now in terms
of our 4our charts that's about it we
have a level beneath the market
resistance overhead so let's see what
happens between this particular range
here for our 4-Hour Trends up now to our
daily time frame we can see that signal
I was talking about earlier to do with
three tops around the same price now
typically speaking I like to see the
tops almost equal in price I don't like
seeing a bit of a slope in price
direction and you can see here we do
have a little bit of a slope so while it
doesn't necessarily invalidate the
signal it just means there's a less
chance of it working or at least for me
it means that next move may not be as
clean to the north side you can see on
the hourly chart our swing tops were
very close together in terms of price
they were all almost dead on that exact
same price and when we got that breakout
it was a very clean breakout and we just
continued up strongly what we're seeing
on The Daily time frame isn't an equal
price we're actually seeing a slight
increase in price between the tops so
while it doesn't necessarily invalidate
the signal it just means we may not see
as clean a move higher we could get a
break and start to chop around before
continuing in that high time frame Trend
if we continue at all but in terms of
the signal itself we can see a bit of a
resistance level forming three times
around the same price so now it's just a
matter of letting the market do its
thing and let's see what happens over
the next day or so to do with this High
time frame breakout signal now in terms
of support beneath the market it's the
same on the daily chart as it is on the
4 Hour and also hourly chart we're
looking at that important 50% level that
50% level does come from the all-time
high down to the correction low I am
looking at that halfway point where I'm
always expecting buying pressure to pick
up when we hit these levels from the
overside now again it doesn't mean it
has to happen it just me means it's one
of those signals I'm always looking out
for so if we do correct down to this
Zone here which is also a couple of
Swing tops as well if we can start to
see some volume come back into the
market and our lower time frame Trends
also start to change direction it would
be suggesting we're seeing another low
print and then we can be prepared for
that break high from that point forward
if we do see a break beneath the Zone we
start to see closes and lower highs
we're likely going to be getting a
continuation on this lower term time
frame Trend and probably even
translating into some higher term time
frames as well but we're not there yet
so we'll cross that bridge if and when
the time comes up now to our weekly time
frame where you can see we've peaked our
head above that last weekly swing top
which means our weekly trend is now
neutral it's no longer down so of course
that's very positive for the macro
Trends our high time frames do remain up
on our monthly and tuar Trends and we're
also able to see a weekly close above
the pivot point of $65,500 so all signs
are pointing to strength in the market
price stability more likely
reaccumulation in this Zone here as
opposed to distribution and a larger
breakdown to come so it will be one to
watch to see if we can continue to hold
the line at that 655 that all important
Pivot Point beneath the market or if the
market needs a little bit more time to
chop around and reconsolidate to make
its mind up which way it wants to go
next in terms of the big picture stuff
there very positive stuff to see above
that 655 so we'll just see if we can
hold the line and if we continue to see
some weekly closes above the Zone then
we will be seeing new all-time highs
much sooner rather than later which of
course seems obvious now but we are
looking out for these pivot Points to
hold up so in terms of the daily
exchange V the upcoming announcements
Bitcoin on the lower term higher term
time frames and the US dollar that's all
I've got for you in today's market
update if you do want more from us in
Tia crypto be sure to subscribe to our
free weekly report link is at the top of
the video description that's it for me
wishing you more health wealth and
happiness and until next time I'll catch
you then
[Music]
