in today's video we're going to address
one of the biggest concerns going on
with this Market which is a capitulation
signal on one of my most favorite
indicators and what that actually means
I do have a few comments to be made on
that and then also checking out on some
of the more macro charts for Bitcoin and
essentially continuing on with this
overall picture that we've been painting
for the last few months now as uh we
have the next the next few pieces of
data here which are playing into the
overall analysis which is good anyways
uh before we get into it I should you
know that you can get the meta signals
um service for free for the first 14
days if you follow the directions in the
link in the description below there's
also a discount code for you there as
well if you do decide to go into it um I
should have let you know that meta
signals is a project that I've invested
in and that I'm an adviser on so I'm
heavily buys towards it but basically it
is a setup service which gives you
probabilistic outcomes for current price
action based off of um well objectiv
viable signals so without further Ado we
can just jump right into this one
starting off with the content of the day
which is is the capitulation signal
which is based off the hash rent
indicator over here which we've used
many a time in the past and to give its
Fair do yes indeed there is a
capitulation signal as of you know as of
uh when was this yeah May 13th so um
almost about a week ago as of right now
uh now here's the thing and and here's
sort of a general warning that I kind of
have for most people out there because I
think this really illustrates one of the
main points that I hope to get across on
my channel which is whenever you just
read
a title of an article or or a headline
or these sort of things um very rarely
do they go into uh detail obviously
because they need to be uh brief and
then as always whenever you do read
these sort of things you should try to
verify yourself or at least you know go
one step further or maybe that's just my
job because I'm the only [ __ ] nerd
who's still looking at this damn [ __ ]
after all of these years I don't know um
but in this case a capitulation signal
in the past has has um you know has had
some some concerns uh a lot of the time
it's not the capitulation signal that
you're looking for it's a Buy Signal
that actually has a high fidelity for a
you know an you know an actual outcome
the capitulation signal itself um it's
kind of hit or miss with actually uh
preceding or postseeding um you know
major lows a lot of the time it's
printed uh at or a little bit after the
next major low um and in some cases it
it it does happen before but you know
I'll give you an example
of it not working and then also it
working so in this case right here you
know you get a cap capitulation signal
right here price comes down
significantly yep okay fair enough that
one worked out then we get another one
over here right and this one you know if
you would have taken that uh just at
face value you would have been
absolutely [ __ ] wrecked um so I'm
going to get rid of these two bars as of
as of this and I'll give you um at least
what I think is most relevant as of
right now so of course Bitcoin just had
one of its most important um events
fundamentally speaking uh about a month
ago right on April 20th was it April
20th yes indeed it was it was April 20th
um which I've outlined on this chart by
these red vertical bars these are po
having dates and I wanted to look at the
signal that that um that happens after
that having date and I fact found
something that I think was pretty
interesting um we can start off with the
first one over here in 2012 here's our
habing here's your capitulation signal
do you notice anything about that I
don't know it's pretty uh pretty [ __ ]
good buy
area maybe you know depends on your
disposition but Crown it could have gone
down 5% lower you [ __ ]
[ __ ] all right um I'm not perfect uh
anyways uh what do we have over here in
the next having 2016 June um again we
have having we have capitulation signal
on the next sort of drop off do I even
have that maybe actually it's oh it is
one more to the right right there and
yeah the low is put in about a couple
days later um not a huge percentage drop
off from there but ultimately yeah you
know it was a small small drop off um
but again this was more or less an
opportunity long term I mean uh here's
some perspective for you you know from
this Zone here to the next major High uh
a casual 3,000% move to the upside not
bad um then we have the most recent or
well the second most recent having over
here again this was May of 2020 and
right after then we got another
capitulation signal on the hash ribons
indicator this one happening pretty much
exactly at the low it actually the low
happened about maybe one day later um
but again you know hindsight
uh uh uh uh 600% move to the upside not
bab and then of course we have another
hav over here uh represented by the red
vertical bar and we have pulation signal
um here as of about a week ago so you
know did Bitcoin already put in the low
or does it maybe have one more try to
the downside maybe I don't know um but
ultimately just another thing at least
in my opinion from looking at this and
um and and parsing through the data you
know whether this thing does come down
another time below 60,000 bucks or not
that's a major opportunity uh I'm
actually looking at this as of right now
that the low is probably already in um
doesn't mean that Bitcoin can't come
back down to 60,000 bucks that would
still actually be a higher low overall
but uh but ultimately you know the low
probably in um anyways moving on from
there I do want to get into this chart
right here this is another chart that
we've been viewing many a time um this
is the Bitcoin production cost
fundamental chart again just another
just another look at this one just
another look at this one um as it has
accurately present uh uh predicted the
basement price for Bitcoin over the full
history of Bitcoin um and if you're not
famili with with this basically the
bottom of this channel which represents
the lowest cost to produce a Bitcoin has
really never been breached on any sort
of meaningful long-term basis um
throughout bitcoin's history anytime
that Bitcoin does come down to it which
are very few and far between only about
four four or five times if that's
actually happened uh those have all been
phenomenal opportunities uh the last
time we saw something like this was
actually back on over here November 2022
what was that I don't know that's the
current
cyow um Rona dump hit it a little bit uh
before that you got the last having over
here and before that you don't really
even get super close to the to the
bottom end of that channel so again
Bitcoin is very close to the bottom end
of this channel in fact the dump that
happened last week where Bitcoin on a
wick basis Wicked below 60,000 bucks uh
actually hit the bottom side of this
channel um actually Wicked a little bit
below it again I'm I'm just looking at
closures right here but well [ __ ] it
let's just put it on Hollow dildos for a
second and you can see yeah came down
almost precisely to it um quite
interesting right there anyways uh again
just another thing for the long
term it's probably an opportunity it's
probably an opportunity don't need to
[ __ ] complicate this too Goddamn much
um we can take this even one step
further however and I'll go over here
and what was I going to do in this chart
I completely forgot that's right because
it's over here needed a prompt and my
notes don't have them for this one this
is the dynamic range mvt signal um again
this is something that we've looked at a
few times over the past few months and
it's you know it's it's essentially a
way of looking at bitcoin's uh PE ratio
price or earnings ratio obviously
Bitcoin doesn't have price or earning
ratio but you know it's finding some
sort of some sort of some sort of
equation that can give us some identif
identifiable metric as to O over and
under valuation um areas so uh the most
important thing is has this worked in
the past what are the results show me
the damn results and what what we're
going to be analyzing right here is the
most relevant area which is anytime that
we've seen this dynamic range mvt go
below the green bar um which by the way
I want to give another shout out to to
Charles C caoli for this one uh as we've
actually used a couple of his indicators
here the hash ribbons the actually all
of these the hash ribbons the production
cost and then also the dynamic range MBT
I'm just a caprioli um Analyst at this
point uh but you know his work in in my
opinion his work is incredibly good um
incredibly valuable in fact the only
fundamental person that I think happens
to know know a [ __ ] about [ __ ] um
happens to know a [ __ ] about [ __ ]
perhaps um
anyways what are we looking at right
here we're looking at the dynamic range
M actually below the green bar which has
signaled in the past areas of
undervaluation meaning that longterm
buying Under this region likely a good
buy likely a good value buy again long
term maybe not the same day maybe not
the same week maybe not even the same
month but long long term yes and so what
I've done is is i' is I've marked off on
the chart which we'll go to in a moment
all of the Past Times where we've seen
the dynamic range mvt below that green
bar and then start to turn up because we
have just seen it as of the past few
closures start to really turn up
vertically here in a way that we did not
see before so this is starting to look a
lot more like the other ones where we
have seen turnarounds and what I've done
over here on this chart is marked off
those prior times and what do you know
it's a is is it a major surprise I don't
know maybe it's a major surprise um even
in the 2022 downside hellish bare Market
these areas marked off dramatic bounces
um this area over here 30% bounce and
that's by the way on a on a closing
basis on a on a wick base probably uh
significantly more this one over here
almost 30% bounce obviously in other
pieces of the market was just vertical I
mean it was the low essentially you know
the low of 2022 the low of 2021 before
the prior altime high was printed the
low uh coming in after Rona over here
the low of 2018 the low before 100%
bounce in 2018 February by the way um
several the lows of the corrections from
the 2016 to 2018 cycle and then we
obviously don't have data um preceding
this area but um I would imagine that
it's probably acting relatively similar
and seeing as it is starting to turn
back up yet again alongside this
alongside this I'm very inclined to say
Bitcoin probably already has all lows in
again doesn't mean that Bitcoin can't
come back down maybe even around the
current lows don't have a strong opinion
on that although it is looking more and
more likely that Bitcoin might just
bulldoze its uh its ways through here
but um but the second that this thing
goes back and closes above the green bar
i' say this is this is essentially
confirmed um in in fact I might even
look at it as already confirmed because
anytime you get this sort of curvature
to the upside on this indicator it has
followed through
um just about every time only one time
where that was not true which was back
on over here but then again this was
still so close to the [ __ ] low it's
like how how precise do you need to be
um again if you're a very very longterm
if you're if you're more like a
multi-year long
investor is that is that a game that you
want to play where you try to eek out
you know a few more percentage points
from this one that's up to you of course
but um but in my opinion you know if
you're thinking like five 10 years down
the road even probably a couple years
down the road it's probably not going to
make a whole hell of a lot of difference
I mean it's not going to be the
difference between um it's not going to
be the difference between between
extremely rich and really rich or or
extremely poor or just a little bit
poor um anyways uh yeah so moving on
from there we can get into some of our
normal tools uh looking at the hpdr
bands here um we can see Bitcoin playing
between the 618 level and the 50% level
right here I don't really have any major
reads to be making off this um for the
daily particularly as of now uh
obviously closing above the 618 level
today would you know would look
generally good and open up the doors for
a move um probably to 71 or 72,000 bucks
relatively fast but you know I I I I
don't have a strong opinion on this um
this is extremely low low volatile low
volatility weekend uh I don't think it's
wise to be making um any sort of
directional analysis uh in the more
short term here if anything I mean
Bitcoin probably po to take a little bit
of a pullback but um the weekly is the
big focus of course as it is closing
tonight any sort of a closure above the
382 level and I do suspect that we will
continue to see this volatility crunch
which you know will make the uh the
median here on the bounds essentially a
magnet for Price action now to be fair
that will extremely likely come
down uh on on this next weekly open
tonight later tonight um but I expect it
comes down to like low 70s um you know
assuming that Bitcoin Clos above uh what
is it like especially 70 thou or sorry
67,000 bucks tonight um yeah you
probably do see another try towards uh
70,000 plus and you know we'll come back
to it after that I think CME already did
such yes indeed it did
um yeah and volatility actually is still
uh coming down there at least on the
moving average so I I I am yeah I I I
would be biased towards you know
probably a push towards 70,000 bucks
overall maybe after a short-term
pullback short-term pullbacks can you
know can easily come down to like 66 um
but yeah anyways uh other than that just
big focus on these three big charts over
here the hash ribbons the production
cost and the dynamic range EV um all of
which I think are painting a long-term
picture that hey you know get as if
you're feeling cute get you can get as
cute as you want but
uh probably
up probably very likely up um really
only way that I start to take away this
is if Bitcoin like started to trade back
down below 60,000 bucks on CME you know
at that point yeah sure you you have
your Corrections down to low 50s but I
think that that's less and less like
it's becoming less and less likely here
um shitty even as long as bitcoin's
above 66 I mean for [ __ ] sake uh but
yeah always happy to eat my words at the
end of the day uh if that does indeed
happen that's why we do have those
reversal points in mind but for right
now Bitcoin is doing what the boas uh
seemingly want so I'll end it on that
note as always want to wish you the best
of the best take care much love and see
you hopefully Monday
