hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse today we're going
to talk about Bitcoin and we're going to
be discussing having ear returns if you
guys like the content make sure you
subscribe to the channel give the video
a thumbs up and check out into the
cryptoverse premium at into the
crypto.com let's go ahead and jump in so
I want to go through some having year
returns for Bitcoin I know we've been
doing most of these videos on on bitcoin
and and some on eth but remember we do
have these charts for a lot of other
cryptocurrencies as well uh and not only
cryptocurrencies but you know stocks
precious metals Etc so make sure you
guys check that out um I wanted to talk
a little bit about here the having year
returns so far in 2024 so there are
three prior having Years 2012 2016 and
2020 and you can see bitcoin's year-
to-day rli in those having years at
about
the you know what are we in May so about
this Mark over here we're only up on
average maybe about 10 to 20% but you
can see that in
2024 Bitcoin is actually
outperforming all prior having years at
this point in the having year so you can
even take the average if we look at say
2024 verse the average of Prior election
years you can see that Bitcoin is in
fact above the average of all of those
prior election years as well and that
makes sense obviously it's above them
individually it's going to be above the
average but you can see again that this
has been a relatively impressive having
year so far for Bitcoin now one caveat
though is that in 2012 the having wasn't
until like the fourth quarter of the
year in 2016 the having was in July in
2020 the having was in May so in all of
these other having years where Bitcoin
lagged its current performance the
having also occurred later in the year
this time the having occurred in April
this is also the first time we set new
highs before you know before the having
from one cycle to another and so that
could have some effect so what we can
also do is instead of just looking at
say the year-to dat rli we can also look
at you know having year or sorry Ro
after the having as well and we will do
that in a minute one of the things you
know I I focus mostly on bitcoin and and
some on eth and the reason especially at
this phase of the cycle and the reason
is because there's going to be some
altcoins that outperform Bitcoin as I've
said but the dominance of Bitcoin should
continue to go higher so a Bitcoin heavy
crypto portfolio is likely going to do
much better than than the majority of
the altcoin market that doesn't mean
there's not some alts that are
outperforming I want to reiterate that
um it's just that all in all Bitcoin
continues to take back more and more
market share which is why I just
continue to focus mostly on bitcoin you
probably remember me in 2020 and 2021 I
was more focused on on on the altcoin
market than I am today but the reason
was because I was convinced that Bitcoin
dominance was in a downtrend back then
and so it made more sense to to talk
more about the altcoin market my
perspective though really since 2022
began is that Bitcoin is going to take
back Market share and so I'll just focus
mostly on that one since I I think the
dominance of Bitcoin is going to go
higher and that's why I've just said you
know a Bitcoin heavy crypto portfolio
I'll perform most other portfolios and
that's the reason why I tend to focus on
year to-day Roi and and for for just
Bitcoin and one thing to look at here
with the 2024 Roi Bitcoin you know it's
up about 50% if you look at the same
thing for eth it's only up about 30% so
I mean again it shows you why being say
Bitcoin head over eth heavy has made a
lot of sense and again I know it's easy
to to to constantly say that well you
know these other things will start to up
for Bitcoin but I really do think that
until looser monetary policy arrives I
think bitcoin's going to hold up better
than most but not all other
cryptocurrencies so the other thing I
wanted to look at was RI from the having
so this is a little a little different
picture because again if you look at
year-to-date
Roi you can see that we are ahead of
2012 we ahead of
2016 and we are ahead of 2020 but again
this is the the year where the having
occurred the earliest in the year April
if you look at Roi after the having you
can see that we're actually slightly
above 2016 now but below the ROI
following 2012 and 2020 so we're kind of
in between and if we were to take an
average right I guess I guess we can we
don't have the average on on on these
three Cycles Maybe add that in the
future but you know if you just sort of
eyeball this the average you know those
prior returns at this point in the cycle
about 9% up 3% up and and 9% down and
and 14% up and the current cycle is
about 3% up so yeah I mean you have the
first cycle was 9% up at this point the
second cycle was 9% down at this point
and then the third cycle was 14% up so
we're kind of right in between right
this green line is is really just right
in between at around 3% up since that
having occurred so not too crazy um if
you measure it from the April Peak right
instead of um instead of the um the
November Peak if you look at the last
cycle it just sort of tops out there as
opposed to having it go all the way out
until November so that's something to
sort of think about as well but one of
the things that I've mentioned before
you know thinking about this
year-to-date rli stuff is that when you
look at
2023 it actually looks a lot more like
the average of prior election years
prior prior having years right this is
the preh having year and so I've
speculated well since 2023 is Roi looked
more like prior havinge Returns what if
2024 looks like more post having year
returns and so then that brings you up
to comparing 2024 to say
2013
2017 and 2021 and when you look at those
three and you take the average of Prior
postelection year
right so you take the average of 2013
2017 and 2021 compared to 2024 you can
see 2024 is underperforming it by a lot
but if you only take the average of say
20 um uh if you only take the average of
What
207 and
2021 it looks like this which looks the
closest to where we are right now but
again 20 2017 and 2021 were very
different years in 2021 you can see that
we we sort of chopped up this range in
the first part of the year and then we
had a drop going into the summer and
then we went back up whereas in
2017 you know it was mostly just a slow
grind for the entire year so we're kind
of in between those right now right
we're we're outperforming 2021 but we're
still underperforming 2017 so you know
we'll continue to talk about this based
on on the performance the Bitcoin gives
but you know this is where we currently
are right Bitcoin is about 50% up off
the yearly open um it is it is right
around where we were in 2021 at this
time slightly better and slightly less
than where we were in 2017 and it's
outperforming all prior having years at
this point in those having years with
the caveat that the having year or the
having actually occurred earlier in the
year than in those prior years so
definitely interesting way to look at
the market and then also I I I perhaps
we could at least go and look at the um
Roi after the lows and if you go look at
that and we just look at the last few
Cycles you can see especially if we just
look at the last couple of Cycles you
can see that we're actually really close
to where we were two cycles ago at this
time but outperforming where we were um
last cycle at this time by by a good
amount actually you know if we were
where we were last cycle at this time
we'd be closer to that 40 to 50K level
as opposed to the 60 to 70k level and
then if you measure this from the peak
right if we take Ro from the peak and
take it out to the next Peak you can see
that we are still very much ahead of
where we were in those last two cycles
at this point in the cycle and of course
if you measure it from April it looks
like that you know we really have
started to Veer off from this course
some um you can see that we were
outperforming it for a while but now
we've gone gone back under it and that
would be more in line with sort of the
left translated Peak idea but so far I
mean so far it still just seems like
like um you know like it's it's
generally following a normal cycle I
mean this is this is again this is
measuring it from the April Peak and
this is comparing it to um to 2016
2017 right this is comparing it to last
cycle as measured from you know from the
April Peak instead of the November Peak
so it it really all depends on on on how
you want to measure it right and that I
think is you know causing a lot of
disagreement amongst people you know do
you measure it from the November top
where Bitcoin act actually peaked which
would you know if you do that it would
make the case that you know like we are
well above where we were at this point
in Prior Cycles or do you measure it
from the April top and say that this is
where we are but then you also have to
wonder okay well what about diminishing
returns you know this first cycle or the
second cycle over here topped out at an
Roi of about 15 and then this one topped
out with an Roi around
three right as measured from Peak to
Peak and so this one has already gone to
1.13 um you know I mean obviously it'd
be nice to go a bit above 1.13 by the
end of this cycle but you know and again
you know people always have asked well
you know is it is it a left transited
Peak is it a is it a normal cycle it's
really I mean again it's I think there's
evidence for both
views I I'm gon to stick I think for now
I'm going to stick more so with a normal
cycle because you know historically
that's just what happens and I feel like
we like to over complicate it so I will
stick with this chart over say this one
but you can't deny that there are
similarities looking at it this way
right you you you can't deny that and so
I think it's worthwhile to sort of keep
both outlooks in mind but that's where
we are right now with Bitcoin in the uh
in the 2024 having year that's your
year-to dat Roi your Roi after the
having Roi after the cycle low and Roi
after cycle Peak um and I just wanted to
go over those thank you guys for tuning
in make sure you subscribe give video a
thumbs up and I'll see you guys next
time bye
