I think the institutional adoption is
happening now a lot of smart
institutions are saying let me get along
this thing I think it pays to be early
in Bitcoin and I think we're still early
in Bitcoin bitcoin price is surging as
black Rock's Bitcoin ETF sees its
highest inflows in months this is
because State Pension funds are now
buying Bitcoin the state of Wisconsin
investment board invests nearly 100
million in Black Rock's spot Bitcoin ETF
Eric Bel chunis the senior ETF analyst
for Bloomberg shares why pensions buying
Bitcoin is significant pensions are
probably the hardest investor type to
land says Eric belunas a Bloomberg
intelligence senior ETF analyst who
likened it to Landing a sailfish which I
guess is a big deal pensions are very
picky they have access to everything and
usually it takes a while for them to
bite Bel chunis said and so the fact
that they bit so quick it's a good sign
to me it's more of a testament that
black Rock's ETF got so liquid so
quickly that really in my opinion opened
it up to anyone because advisors will
bite on lesser traded stuff and Retail
will bite on anything but institutions
they've got to be liquid it's really I
think a testament to the volume that
black rocks ETF was able to produce that
made the institution probably
comfortable Bel chunis added that the
idea that pension plans would use the
the Bitcoin ETF I think is also a big
win for ETFs he says Anthony scaramucci
founder of skybridge capital explains
why institutional adoption like this is
a big deal I think the institutional
adoption is happening now uh the state
of Wisconsin announced we expect other
Pension funds to announce and of course
Bitcoin now has the regulatory approval
and I think that was the rate limiting
step for a lot of these large scale
institutions and just remember if you're
not long Bitcoin you're possibly short
Bitcoin in the sense that if you believe
and I think Black Rock has more or less
said this that this will be part of a
long-term tactical asset allocation
strategy for institutional investors
then at some point you've got to get
long Bitcoin is it a percent of Bitcoin
one and a half% Bitcoin I don't know so
uh a lot of smart institutions are
saying let me get long this thing before
it becomes part of a total tactical
asset allocation index and I think that
that's starting to happen now and that's
very good for Bitcoin taking a look at
the data for all ETFs the net Bitcoin
ETF flows are back to flowing in the
positive direction people are buying
Bitcoin through these ETFs institutions
are buying Bitcoin through these ETFs
just in
937 Financial firms disclosed spot
Bitcoin ETF Holdings in q1 of 2024 gold
ETFs just had 95 firms invested in the
first quarter even Morgan Stanley
disclosed that they own Bitcoin through
their Bitcoin ETF exposure in fact
confirming
243 million in Bitcoin through gbtc
remember when we told you this at the
beginning of the year Jamie Diamond the
CEO of JP Morgan Chase going on TV
futing Bitcoin we asked you what would
Jamie Diamond do if he wanted to buy a
lot of Bitcoin he'd go on CNBC and trash
it he'd say it's going to zero the price
would dip and he would buy that's not
illegal and then there's a one which
does nothing I call it the pet rock the
Bitcoin or something like that and so on
the Bitcoin you know there's First of
and I'm I'm not trying to make a joke
here there are use cases AML fraud
anti-money laundering tax avoidance
trafficking those are real use cases and
you see it being used for hundreds maybe
50 hundred billion do for that that is
the end use case everything else is
people train among themselves my
personal advice is you don't get
involved they make of the other firms
the black rocks of the world that that
obviously and and L Larry think changed
his view of this obviously and maybe he
changed his view because you think he
genuinely believes in Bitcoin or gen or
believed it because he thinks that
there's a Marketplace for it and he
wants to be part of that market but what
do you think of the there's about a
dozen big Financial companies Fidelity
included number one I don't care sure
buddy sure it's just amazing the
institutional perception shift that we
have seen and are currently seeing
around Bitcoin the CEO of bitwise
investment said this first they said
it's only crazy internet people that own
Bitcoin then they said it's only retail
that owns Bitcoin now they see over 500
massive wealth firms Banks and
institutional investors bought Bitcoin
in the first 2.5 months of the Bitcoin
etf's history I wonder what they'll say
next and Anthony scaramucci kind of
Echoes this point saying when skybridge
announced their position in Bitcoin
years ago institutions didn't like that
he did that and he kind of talks about
that shift because now they're into it
well you I've been in trouble on this
because I I announced our we announced
skyber announced our Bitcoin position in
November of
2020 and a lot of Institutions
wirehouses they didn't like it they
didn't like the position it's four years
later now these very same wirehouses are
adopting the position and are getting
along at the ETF or at least allowing
their financial advisers to recommend
the ETF and so you know sometimes when
you're early you get a lot of bumps and
scrapes but I think it pays to be early
in Bitcoin and I think we're still early
in Bitcoin hey real quick you should
join us at Bitcoin conference in
Nashville this year 10% off if you use
the code altcoin daily link and details
in the description this is the biggest
Bitcoin conference in the world I think
this is going to be their biggest year
ever I love the fact that this is in
Nashville this year if you want to be
part of the culture celebrate Bitcoin
with like-minded people and hang out
with us join us at Bitcoin conference
Nashville 10% off use the code altcoin
daily link and details in the
description I hope to see you there so
150,000 bitcoin price prediction by end
of year remember when Tom Lee on CNBC
made this prediction I said 75 what what
did you say to me I I think it's you
know could be high is 150,000 this year
so double what I thought was 150,000 so
we're tripling at this point yeah
because you've got demand improving with
the ETF and you have the supply
shrinking with the havening and if
monetary policy eases which we expect
you know that's supportive of risk
assets and bitcoin's holding up I mean
that's another reason why I don't think
a draw down is going to start that soon
I mean bitcoin's been rallying last
couple weeks are you in the camp of this
is like a $500,000
valued over over five years are you yeah
it is sound money Anthony scaramucci
believes that Tom Lee is right and
Bitcoin does have a strong chance of
hitting
$150,000 before 2025 make sure you
subscribe for daily crypto content we
keep you informed on crypto markets on a
daily basis smash the like button
support the channel listen if there
really I mean if there's 21 million and
it's going to eventually have a some
percentage of of what the gold market is
why it it should be and Tom Lee says 150
by the end of the year it seems like if
that is a given that it's it should be
moving up even more quickly I'll to
together it for a second let's say gold
is $16 trillion right and let's say Tom
Lee is wrong by half which I don't think
he is and I appreciate him coming to my
book party last night but I I think Tom
Lee is going to be right but just if
Bitcoin got to 8 TR
was it the qu qu Tom Le or was it the
wild Tom Le it was a little wild when he
comes on here you never know it could be
he's an incredibly zen-like
guy doesn't have your or my emotional
wavelength Joe you know we have a
tendency to or sign and Co our product
that we have no no and I need more
product lately Joe not less product more
product
