welcome back to another Sunday walk
video it is absolutely gorgeous out
today it's about like 70Â° right now and
it's also beautiful for Bitcoin we had a
tremendous week last week so I want to
give more thoughts about what to expect
this week if anything's changed and a
couple ideas I want to share with you
guys all right so as for last week last
Sunday video I remember talking about
well there's one thing that's concerning
and that is I don't know who this
mysterious seller is because the prior
week we certainly did see like random
drops out of the blue and whoever the
mysterious coinbase seller is really
tried to scare the market cause a
volatility and they did their best right
um so this was two weeks ago and I
talked about that last week week and
then and then this last
week we had a pretty good recovery it
seemed like the coinbase seller stopped
or he didn't stop and just didn't have
enough selling power because the ETFs
they took in a billion dollars a billion
dollars worth of bitcoin last week think
about that even grayscale had massive
inflows last week so whoever the seller
was or is they they couldn't bring down
the market and we saw very little
volatility last week it basically just a
slow incline upwards and we even
surpassed 67,000 right so I was looking
at the charts we haven't seen
67,000 for a while now since March so
that's pretty good April obviously we
went down May for most part we were down
but we broke through some of the
previous resistances from the last two
months and now we're at a level back in
March and of course we know March was a
terrific month and so was February so
things are looking bright once again so
what to expect this week well I noticed
today Bitcoin came down a little bit
right so we're as I'm filming this went
down about th000 points about 66,000 4
so I think that's perfectly normal I
don't think that relates really to the
coinbase seller but it could
[Applause]
I think it was perfectly fine because
Bitcoin was scorching hot last week and
even if you look at the technicals a lot
of indicators were overbought so for
things to cool off a little bit
perfectly okay but I think this week is
going to be more of the same I'm will
I'm going to remain bullish as always
but even more bullish this week than
normal
because the ETFs they are now picking up
again and I've been disclosing during in
my live
streams all these big companies and
hedge funds specifically that have
bought Bitcoin ETS already and there's
more that probably did buy but they just
didn't disclose yet so I went through a
list of the top 25 hedge funds in the
US like 75% already bought the other 25%
I really think they already bought they
just didn't disclose that's that's
that's the reason and and of course we
know it's more than just the the hedge
funds now we have State Pension funds we
have public trade companies we have
Banks yes we have banks that have bought
Bitcoin etss we have other funds also
there that have bought Bitcoin
ETS and there are a lot of big funds are
getting approval to add more Bitcoin ETF
exposure so I mean this is what I've
been saying for a while now since ETFs
came out once we saw the inflows come in
we
know the numbers don't
lie there there are people buying there
are companies buying there are funds
buying the billions that the ETF bought
didn't come out of thin air and black
rock itself Fidelity
itself you got to figure they bought
some for themselves too Vanguard
Vanguard is certainly
involved I mean there's a close
connection with Vanguard and black rock
and everything else too so that's a
whole other thing but yeah I think this
week more the same unless there's
something weird that happens I think
this week we're going see the ETS inflow
more we're go to see Bitcoin higher I
think there's a really good shot there's
a really good shot Bitcoin could break
above 770 ,000 this week and that would
be absolutely fantastic it seems like it
was so long ago like a year ago when
Bitcoin was at $73,000 no it was only
two months it was only two months so we
had a
good we had a good down period remember
we had seven consecutive green months
prior to the April
downfall okay keep that in mind may
actually end up being in green we still
have a couple weeks to go so may end may
end up in a green considering since
April was in red but prior to to that
month we had seven consecutive green
months people don't realize how
significant that is because has never
ever ever happened in bitcoin's history
that was the first time we're breaking a
lot of Records this time guys we have
never broken a previous high before
having event that happened this time
we've never had seven consecutive green
months until this year in this cycle too
we're breaking all the great
records these are good records to break
okay so zero reason to be bearish at
this point zero reason to think that
this bull run specifically the
parabolic part of this bull run isn't
going to happen it is it definitely is
so I think this week will be good now as
for this mysterious coin B seller I
speculated that it's either FTX because
they need to repay back the creditors
or uh those M gcks also repay back
creditors I don't know maybe they maybe
there's some truth to that maybe they
are
still selling off to make cash don't
know what I do know is this doesn't
really matter how much they sell they
may drive some short-term volatility we
may see Bitcoin dip
down
periodically because of their
cells but as long as the etss are
inflowing it's going more to make up for
what they're selling and that's what we
saw last week so they may have been
selling but $1
billion being bought
and
in and INF flowed into the ETS that's
just too hard to overcome like who else
has a billion dollars to sell at this
point of Bitcoin think about it all
right
so that's Bitcoin I remain bullish for
this week what else as for the alts the
alts finally because of last week the
the alts finally seem to have regained a
littleit bit just a little bit of
momentum not too much but we did see
like the likes of salana going above
170s closing in the 200 Mark that it hit
in in March right and we saw several
others come up
slightly 10 15
20% now most of these alts we're just
talking about hitting the high of 2024
back in March but most of the alts have
not broken their previous high of
2021 right so that's why I think
sometimes when we go down the sentiment
turns
bearish is because the
alts they could just sometimes they're
just really weak right and I get it a
lot of people are holding large amounts
of alts and it kind of sucks when
everything goes down it'll also really
bleed but just like what happened in in
February and March if Bitcoin this week
or next starts heading higher goes into
70 starts pushing that all-time high
again I expect the alts to regain
strength and we could see the lik of
salana above 200 maybe we could see eum
back above
3500 Avalanche maybe going back to the
mid to high 40s and Crossing 50s I think
we'll see that and then some of the
memes that have fallen I don't know if
you guys PID attention last week was
actually pretty bad for memes a lot of
memes
like like whiff for example
Pepe
Bon like a lot of the bigger memes they
they they didn't move all that much last
week sheep and Doge they had they had
their moments but overall the memes
didn't do very well I think there's
still a lot of worry that last week was
a fluke and we may go down this week
maybe maybe but I think the alt will
come back strong okay when the momentum
is back and of course the
memes will be strong as well so don't
worry about don't worry about the alts
and memes they will come back for sure
they will come back let's see what
happens this week with Bitcoin I'm
thinking could be very good could be
very good all right last two things I
want to talk about I don't want to make
this video too long sometimes I go very
long
so I have this idea and I shared this
before and I've been sharing this for a
while a lot of people seem to like it
but they don't quite grasp it or don't
know how to come up with the idea I've
been saying I want to come out
with shows that are based on challenges
game show ideas okay um very Mr Beast
like ideas but crypto Rel
and I want to do something different so
I think I think I know what I want to do
for the first one and I've shared this
idea before but I'm going to put two
Traders against each other'll lock them
in a house for 30 days
and whoever makes the most gains in 30
days well they come out Victorious and
they take the pot from both sides from
the loser and of course from the winner
side so I think that's pretty good
incentive I'm GNA try to kick that
off I know who the two Traders are right
I'm pretty sure I could get them to do
it just had to find a house try to find
a sponsor so I'm going make it pretty
significant but this is the kind of idea
I want a lot of people have shared ideas
like oh you could just look at the game
shows and make it related to like
crypto ah no and there are some ideas
where it's like it's too too
encompassing too broad you know like you
need dedicated film Crews to follow
people around you know different
locations and stuff no and then there
are people that just want me to do more
like Q&A stuff and I'm like no that's
not what I want someone someone shot me
an email saying yeah I hear you you want
to come out with you know uh game show
ideas or challenge ideas how about you
come out with a show where it's called
feedback and basically you're giving
feedback to people or people give
feedback to you or something like that
but basically it's just like Q&A I'm
like I do that every single day I don't
need to come out with another show just
for Q&A so the daily shows that I'm
doing right now will stay put but I
really want to incorporate some of the
new type idea shows so I'm going to try
to kick that off soon I really like like
it I think it's different the timing is
right the relat are trading as well
since so many people are starting to
learn how to trade um I think it'll be
good experience and within a 30 days
maybe live stream the whole
thing that'll be outrageous all right so
just want to give you update that I'm
going to try to kick that off very very
very
soon and then
lastly I don't know I think that's it
overall
I think we're in a really good spot you
know just just in terms of
everything you know for those of us in
crypto we've gone through a lot up and
downs left and rights basically but we
live in the moment and sometimes we do
that too much
and if you take a second to step back
like what I'm doing right now walking
this beautiful Forest you take a second
and to step back and actually enjoy what
you
have then things seem a little
better um so you know during the during
the very bearish
times sometimes you just have
to close the computer turn off your
phone and just go for a walk and just
think about what you have instead of
what you don't have right
um yeah so I mean how this relates is of
course like right now during our cycle
we had a few up and downs but I've
always said one and down zoom out so if
you actually take a second and think
about where we
are we're only one month past the having
event Bitcoin is at 66
67,000 a level that even at the
beginning of year
sounded what
improbable if I told you back in January
that Bitcoin was going to be at
70,000 and it would have broken alltime
high in April or no March within two
months I said that before and people
laughed it off right but we did and I
made a prediction before earlier this
year that I think Bitcoin could be at
six figures $100,000 by July now last
month when we're heading down to 50,000
it seemed like well that was stupid
prediction right but if this week we
surpass 70 and we make a next leg
sometime in May or in June to 80 or 90
is it really farfetched to think that
Bitcoin could be at 100,000 by
July no right
but again sometimes you just got to step
back and just enjoy what we what we have
right we have Bitcoin in the 60s and the
mid 60s you can't really be disappointed
about that no matter what that is a
awesome place to be at the entire Market
is roaring up and I share with you guys
all the great things that Bitcoin is
doing but not only that all the great
things that web 3 projects are doing
doing I mean we're just in a really good
spot so sometimes when you live too much
in a moment and you're digging and
watching the charts every single minute
of every single day you get trapped I
feel like right you got to and that's
the worst thing about crypto because
it's 24/7 so when you get in that
mindset and you trap yourself you're
like it never stops because you can
watch the chge 24/7 um like at least
markets will give you a closing time to
take a break but you know so anyways
that's
it if you're one of those people and
you're like really trapped in the moment
and you can't see the bigger picture you
know my suggestion is take a
break get out of the
house go for a walk go spend some time
with friends reconnect with them maybe
you haven't seen them in a while hey
maybe go hang out with your kids go for
a bike ride throw a football around go
watch a movie you know hang out with
your significant other go on a date
night or
something you know there's a lot there's
a lot of things you can enjoy get out
there don't always be trapped
in in staring at the charts all day I
guess I don't know I just feel like
there are a lot of people that are like
that
so hopefully you
guys take a little bit to enjoy
life but always remember to watch my
videos that's that's rule number one you
can do whatever you want but you can
never miss any of my
videos otherwise you're going to miss
out all right guys smash it a like
subscribe to the channel I'm going to
finish my walk here I'm go grab ab and
dinner and we'll
see how the
market reacts tomorrow upon Market Bell
I think this I think this week is going
to be good all right have a good one
bye-bye
