today for the Bitcoin price and yes guys
I am here actually right now at the
Singapore airport and I have some news
to share with you because many people
are asking me Chris not only when are
you going to close your trade no when
are you finally going to a more into
altcoins and into what altcoins this is
exactly what I want to talk about today
so before I'm going straight into it I
would like to ask you to kindly Smash Up
the like button to a new alltime high of
course leave your favorite altcoins down
below before I might talk a little bit
about mine and now let's go straight
into it especially if you like these
very short videos I need your feedback
here some likes some comments some
shares I would would be really
appreciated and um yeah as I said I just
came back here into Singapore and I'm
very happy about that now let's talk
about Bitcoin and the single most
important chart I'm looking at to
determine whether a potential altcoin
season is starting or whether the
Bitcoin season is going to continue is
the Bitcoin dominance chart and on the
Bitcoin dominance chart you can see
right now that Bitcoin is at 55
55.5% approximately we are basically
having a Bitcoin season since I have to
find the exity of the airport um a
Bitcoin season since I don't know one
and a half years or so already and even
before in the bare Market it was
basically a Bitcoin season because the
altcoins were suffering more than
Bitcoin so we've been seeing for ages
now the Bitcoin dominance going higher
and higher so at one point of time this
stops every single time in every single
bull market we have a stop a halt of the
Bitcoin dominance increasing and the
question is when is this going to happen
it is very important to determine that
because these Alor Seasons they if they
come and they usually come twice per
cycle they come for a very short amount
of time but they are volatile they are
brutal and they give to extremely crazy
gains on the alt coins uh if they come
so the last time it was happening the
moment the Bitcoin season was over and
the Alin season started was in January
2021 it went straight down and the Alcor
made like 10 X's 20 x's on a weekly
basis that was crazy so this time it is
a little bit different whereas before we
had something like a an ascending
triangle where the bitco dominance was
floating around in um this time we had a
w breakout I talked about that a few
times over on my channel already and the
Bitcoin dominance went higher to I don't
know from I don't remember from the top
of my head but it I think it broke
somewhere around 40% now it is at
45% already no 55% excuse me 55% already
and my own personal Target of this W
breakout on the Bitcoin dominance chart
if you go on trading View and you type
in BTC DOD
that is the chart I'm looking at when
this reaches 60% very important when
this reaches 60% I will personally go
very very strongly very heavily much
more than before into altcoins 60% is
the level I'm looking at not only
because of the measured move price
target of the W breakout of this Bitcoin
dominance no also because it is previous
support which should now be turning into
resistance for the bitco dominant
60% on the Bitcoin dominance is the
level when this happens I will go into
altcoins and what I need here right now
is more into alt coins for sure what I
need here right now is I need your likes
if we are getting five 6 7,000 likes
let's say it like this for every
thousand likes we get I will reveal one
of my altcoins in a video which I'm
going to re uh reveal very very soon
leave it down below like and share the
video as much as you can we will see
each other very soon at the next one of
as always guys as always bye bye
