Bitcoin is right now trading against one
of the most important resistance levels
in this entire consolidation phase and
on today's update video I will be
talking about this the most important
Bitcoin CME gap which we are currently
creating many more important charts and
of course I will be talking about a
massive Bitcoin short liquidation which
is about to be happening any moment
right now here so don't forget to once
again slap up that like button back
above 1,000 likes on today's update
video and with that of being said let me
jump straight away in towards the
imminent shortterm because once looking
at the imminent short-term on bitcoin we
can clearly see that over the course of
this weekend we're creating yet again
another Bitcoin semi future Gap and yes
like we have seen in every single
weekend once we're creating a CME Gap
usually we are going to consolidate
around that CME open price and at the
end of the weekend if we're trading
above it we're almost every single time
going to be filling up that CM Gap so
once again for to today and of course
the end of this weekend if we're going
to be trading significantly above the
semi open price we're most likely going
to come back towards this price here on
the Monday and of course if we're
trading significantly below it we're
most likely going to come back towards
this price also on the Monday or Tuesday
so whatever is going to be happening I
think that Bitcoin is going to remain to
trade close around that
$67,000 and if we are going to push very
high above it expect a big correction
vice versa on the Lower Side currently
Bitcoin is consolidating and what we're
seeing is that actually Bitcoin is
consolidating below critical resistance
you can see the last two times Bitcoin
retested this level here we saw a
massive rejection all the way down to
$55,000 us and the last time we actually
broke below this level was the point we
saw the first d correction all the way
down to $60,000 us so this is a very
important level and if we do break Above
This range right here the next
resistance for Bitcoin is going to be
$72,000 which is of course already a
sign significant higher Target than
we're currently trading on because from
up this point towards the top side it's
another 6% push towards the upside so
that is what I'm currently looking for
and this level on the top side is very
important because you can clearly see
big support founded right here big
resistance founded right here also big
resistance right here so it is likely
that Bitcoin is actually going to be
pushing up towards that exact level if
we were to be breaking Above This
resistance right here so this is what
I'm currently seeing in terms of support
and resistance heat map and if I'm just
currently looking at the trend I think
it's likely that Bitcoin is going to
continue upwards because first we were
trading in a downtrend and ever since we
confirmed that higher low structure
together with the higher high structure
and the inverse hand and shoulders
pattern breakout we are right now
expecting that of course Bitcoin is
creating a bullish strength and is most
likely going to continue towards the
upside so it's going to be more than
likely that we are actually going to be
bouncing back towards the top side of
the region which is of course 71 to
72,000 us and from of that level as well
I am going to start to take some partial
profits on my Bitcoin long position so
currently I am in the about of a profit
of what is it like
$128,000 us and whenever I'm going to be
hitting that $71,000 level I'm going to
start to take some serious profits on my
trade because that has been my initial
takeprofit Target I opened my trade here
on the lower side of the region and my
takeprofit is on the top side of the
region so this is how I'm approaching my
trade this is how I'm going to be taking
my trade so if you want to be staying up
to date about everything I am doing on
my trade don't forget to subscribe to
the channel because I also shared my
exact setup I shared with you once I was
in a loss exactly on this channel so
don't forget to subscribe to the channel
right now at the same time while we're
of course consolidating we're breaking
out of this falling W pattern Bitcoin
created on The Daily time frame also on
the 12-hour symmetrical triangle so
basically what we're seeing is that
Bitcoin is continuing towards the upset
quite strongly right now here but still
I believe that the price Target on the
top side has not been reached and I
think we're going to be reaching the
price Target whenever we confirm the
break up of
67.3k and 67.3k is also that level I've
been talking about so many times before
where the majority of the liquidity lays
in the market so whenever we break above
that region 67.5k approximately we're
going to see more than $2.5 billion doar
worth of bitcoin short liquidations and
whenever those short liquidations come
we're going to be seeing a massive
massive squeeze higher and while we're
still this consolidation phase funding
rates remain to be negative or at least
close to neutral and in this run up
towards the upside we've been seeing it
go negative quite some times right now
here and every single time once it goes
negative we see another squeeze towards
the upside and like you need to
understand that in a bull market if the
funding rates go negative it is an
opportunity of a lifetime because just
like you saw over here funding rates
were negative people were shorting
massively the market we saw a big
squeeze upwards just like we saw here
people were shorting the market big
squeeze upwards this is how it always
goes in market so please do not get
trapped by shorting this slight little
correction we're seeing in this massive
bull market on bitcoin right now so if
you want to be joining me with my next
trade because I'm sure they're going to
be more trades coming in this bull
market where we're going to be making
thousands and thousands of dollars I
should better say 100 thousands of
dollars because that's literally what
we're doing right now as well if you
want to be joining me with that first of
all subscribe to the channel but also if
you want to be getting yourself an own
account on buybid to trade you can
current claim a free $200 trade on bybit
and the only thing you need to do for
that is go to the link description of
today's video press on this link right
here deposit $1100 in your first seven
days and boom you can be opening up your
first free $200 trade on bybit and that
$100 that you are depositing is also
completely withdrawable so you're
basically getting a free $200 trade on
bybit if you R to sign up an account
using that link below so check it out if
you're interested in trading but
definitely something you should not be
fading so talking about the biggest move
here I mean the biggest move is still
yet to come I explained this in
yesterday's video and even the video
before but I want to be still pointing
it out because it's not played out yet
here I believe still that the biggest
move is yet to come because if we're
looking at the bers event wi it is
clearly indicating a big squeeze is
still going to come on bitcoin and
whenever that big squeeze is going to
come we're going to be seeing a massive
move and most likely of course towards
that upside so I super excited about it
we can see that of course also the bull
flag pattern it is starting to squeeze
towards the upside and whenever we do
break that resistance on the top side
we're going to see that continuation and
whenever the continuation is here we're
going to be seeing at least price
targets sitting around $110,000 us which
is of course quite insane if you would
ask me and on the weekly time frame
Bitcoin is just perfectly retesting that
Weekly resistance back into support
right now and if we're going to be
looking at the SP Bitcoin ETF for the
last week we've seen a first complete
week with positive inflows again also on
gbtc and just basically in general last
week we've seen quite significant
inflows and we're almost going going
towards a new altim high in cumulative
flows on the SP Bitcoin ETF which is of
course quite insane if you would ask me
so yeah the ETFs are once again
accumulating Market is looking very
healthy we are looking to create that
higher low right now and as soon as we
do break Above This resistance box right
here we're going to be flowing up to 71
to
72,000 the top side of the range where I
am going to consider to take some
profits of the table with my trade so
make sure to subscribe to the channel to
stay up to date about that but anyways
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you guys on the next one peace out
goodbye
