hey everybody who's ready for the second
wave hands up let's go this is an
interesting one today I spent the last
24 hours analyzing all the top ETF
buyers to see who is playing Bull in
this new game and the results are pretty
impressive I also have a couple of new
price targets based on some data with
some very interesting numbers and some
wtif analysis as well just waiting for
this thing to pop make sure the Google
is working the old YouTube uh in the
meantime what else happening we had a
big inflow yesterday the third biggest
inflow since early March of this year
and 10 times the daily reward was pulled
from the system which is absolutely
crazy Bitcoin 656 as I'm speaking right
now it did fall 400 bucks overnight but
that's what happens after you climb a
big hill fear and greed is back to 70
and there's a whole bunch of breaking
news that impacts
everything Financial Freedom your
freedom crypto oh it's insane let's just
go big thank you to the mods in the chat
too before we jump in this is all made
possible by patreon Billy
Bob he says patreon member here just
sign up boys and girls of course thank
you uh and a big thank you to everybody
in patreon as well who who make all of
this possible and bitcoin news time
let's jump in breaking news right before
right before I stream this came in from
Sanjay as well from Ryan sha Adams this
is huge okay the gendler Warren corrupt
Duo got crushed gendler installed a
roadblock to US Banks holding crypto and
the Senate just voted to repeal it even
Chuck Schumer voted Pro crypto Elizabeth
Warren's anti- crypto Army got publicly
crushed today if I was the SEC chair I'd
be circulating my resume yay 60 nay 38
by the way there is a public record of
those 38 Nays it is now not advisable to
be anti- crypto in this planet same
thing I've warning for a year and a half
is now come to fruition these folks know
it all right this is big big big news so
congratulations to Freedom a small win
let's get into some mind expansion as
well this piece took me by surprise from
Adelman it's a big big fund new founder
of asset manager Edelman Financial
Services predicts Bitcoin reaching
$420,000 if just 1% of global assets are
allocated to it driving its market cap
to 7.4 trillion thank you for coming
Linda somebody's watching my videos
guess why literally I plugged in the
numbers into my model and boom boom here
we go and this by the way coincidentally
obviously Adelman is using my 211% 21x
multiplier which I've been using since
2021 can't forget that 21 number if we
assume just 1% of 30 trillion goes in
with the 21x multiplier the impact on
bit bitcoin price is
$420,000 but on top of the 66k price it
is now that takes us to 486 not 420 so
maybe Adelman forgot
about the multiplier and then adding the
actual base price as well back but
remember there's over 950 trillion in
assets on the planet and there's more
coming because money printers are
spitting Fiat out like there's no
tomorrow right now okay and 21x
multiplier is in 2021 now it's a lot
higher now if we take the 56x multiplier
and only take into account 30 trillion
okay 30 trillion not 950
trillion the number numbers get a bit
wild really fast and remember again to
reemphasize just 30 trillion that is
basically what Black Rock Fidelity Etc
all the big ETFs have under management
we're not talking about the rest of the
world at all and if they allocate
1% okay the spend will be $300 billion
times the 56x multiplier which
technically should be 112 post having
but I'll leave it at 56 to be
conservative impact on bitcoin price is
nearly 1.2 million thank you Andy in
Australia Bonkers time this will happen
it's a question of when it does take
time but what is completely stunning all
right is the ETFs which I have been
analyzing probably like nobody else but
let's talk about a few other things
before we get into who is stacking the
most and who is new to stacking and who
will surprise you as well as some
onchain stuff so first of all the day
Black Rock announces Bitcoin on Aladdin
I think that's what he Apollo is talking
about here the day Black Rock announces
they're adding Bitcoin to their balance
portfolio Bitcoin will go up $20,000 in
a single one minute candle do not get
caught short
now if hey Apollo is thinking what I'm
thinking couple of things that you know
tinf foil hat and everything else well
attached Aladdin is their Auto
allocation system their AI based system
that tells people how to allocate their
money if they come up with this 1%
allocation things go Bonkers just like
this was said here and a $20,000 candle
given the hardness is crazy but
something else crazy actually happened
as well
let's weave into kind of my way of
thinking I could be wrong this is all
just data and me trying to put a puzzle
together in my head first of all we had
a great day for ETFs
yesterday $33 million over 10x daily
issue issuance we'll break that down
later as well even grayscale had 27 27
million flow in but guess what guess
what's very sus ibit zero IIT zero again
billions of dollars of volume every day
Zero not one Bitcoin added or subtracted
sus which is short for suspect I think
I'm trying to keep up with the lingo and
I'm not very good at it what's going on
now now confluent with this is this all
right Bitcoin balance on coinbase is a
record low because a billion dollars of
Bitcoin was pulled off the yesterday all
right
H and I think there is a very high
probability that this transaction is an
Institutional purchase it's not a retail
investor it's somebody saying hey give
me a big bag of Bitcoin I'll give you
this let's go boom that could be it I
have a theory that maybe considering all
the crazy stuff that's happening I think
black rock is stacking behind the scenes
and they're going to build a big bag of
Bitcoin then then they're going to turn
on this all right they're going to own
the Bitcoin that's liquid available in
the marketplace there' be nothing on
exchanges and then they'll turn on
Aladdin and Aladdin will force an
allocation nobody will have any Bitcoin
to sell except for guess who Black
Rock again it's just a fantasy story
could be completely wrong but we'll find
out one day if we're right anyway
putting the pieces together let's get
back to the 13 FS these are all
all the
open admissions of Holdings for all of
the big investment funds and Banks Etc
and the tldr for this is 1,28 firms with
more than100 million of asset Center
management reported owning Bitcoin 1,028
firms remember there's tens of thousands
of them this is just the spit in the
bucket literally collectively these 1028
firms own 11 billion now the crazy thing
is first of all for the first time ever
this is now public but this is data as
of the end of March
2024 people think oh 13 F's filing oh
yeah somebody just bought no no no no no
this is like nearly 60 days ago all
right the end of this filing and there's
been a lot of bumps in between and not
much has happened because I think people
were in a holding position over the last
30 to 40 days to see what was going to
happen with these 13 F filings to see
who is stacking
Bitcoin and this is why I predicted the
beginning of this week early morning I
said these 13f filings will turn heads
and cause a reaction that's why this
video is called wave two we've seen wave
1 we now have all the data which I'm
going to break down right now and what
I've been really interested in is how
much these firms are allocating is it
half of 1% or a crumb or something more
substantial let's break it down this is
fascinating first piece these are the
top ETF holders all right that is what I
call turn heads time and it's a bit of
an ey chart but just focus on the left
piece here you got three different firms
first of all is Millennium number one
number two sahana otherwise known as Sig
as well Susana Investment Group SI and
the third one is Horizon
kinetics like some of these firms I
never even heard of and I know a lot of
firms Horizon Kinetics I honestly never
heard of they are the third biggest
holder of ETFs but they stacked in q1 of
2024 don't forget that right now these
firms are turning heads let's break down
their allocations first
Millennium they also bought gbtc which
is interesting they have a $22 million
bag of gbtc even split between Fidelity
and a black rock a little bit of Arc a
little bit of bitwise and the whole bag
is $2 billion huh two billion let's see
how that compares to how much they have
under management that is a
3.125% allocation again not 1% not 2%
3.125 5% allocation which is really
impressive but there's more Millennium
they are now number one on the list and
they are the single biggest holder yet
with again that was out of date now it's
two billion when they have all the
records in let's look at Sig number two
now they did invest in a big bag of
Bitcoin but they're also huge they're
north of half a trillion dollars in
assets under management I could be wrong
on those records it's very hard because
they don't close it but I pieced
together a bunch of different data and
maybe it's not 500
billion maybe it's higher maybe it's
lower we'll see but assuming from all
the different pieces I put together that
is a 0.26% allocation not too big but
you'll see as well they have also
allocated to uh grayscale in a big way
over 1.91 million interesting so one of
the things that I've been thinking about
too is okay grce scale lost over half of
their bag in 85 trading
days where did it go who bought it
that's the question and now that these
the bleeding has stopped or at least
slowed down dramatically where are these
other firms going to get their bags very
interesting let's check this Horizon
kinetics third biggest on the list asset
under management 7 billion doar by my
calculations they now have 14% of their
portfolio nearly one billion in Bitcoin
okay and also a big chunk 14% allocation
is what matters all right and they used
to do a lot of bond investing and after
having a lot of negative after tax real
returns even in the bull market and
declining interest they had to reinvent
themselves perhaps speculating here and
now they're going after a new type of
bond
asset Bitcoin to save their business
save their returns hence the very greedy
14% allocation now just these top three
and you add up all of their allocations
and you create an average I think it's
5.6% approximately between the three of
them Wow way more than that 1% that we
spoke of in addition it's not just these
big shops Morgan Stanley as well is
piling in and they have
$269.95 again early days yet that's
nearly a third of a billion
dollars and firms like this are huge but
they're just putting their toe in the
water and they want to issue their own
ETF as well in the very near future so
expect big things from Morgan Stanley as
well now if that wasn't enough to get
excited ibit has broken yet another
record as well in the history of ETFs
okay ibit ended up with 414 reported
holders in its first 13f season that is
only q1 and remember
half of January wasn't even open because
they didn't start trading till January
11th all right this is big and this is
mindboggling this blows away any other
previous record number two on the list
is fbtc even having 20 holders as a
newborn ETF is very very rare okay
there's nothing like this launch this
metric is important these ETFs are redh
hot and only a fraction of the world has
jumped in so
far as I said I'll say for the third
time they will turn heads it's going to
be very exciting now we still have
some scops or I don't know what you call
them fed president Neil Kashkari Bitcoin
has shown no actual usefulness in the
real world and if you want to collect
Beanie Babies God bless you I don't know
who his God is but I'm cautioning people
to think of this as an investment
vehicle usefulness remember he is a Fed
president do not mess with their Fiat
Ponzi ladies and gentlemen Bitcoin
messes with their Fiat Ponzi who do you
trust a decentralized organization like
Bitcoin or somebody Shilling Fiat what's
in your wallet let me know speaking of
Jack
mullers helping to save us all Jack m
our governments have borrowed a
tremendous amount of time and energy
from our future in the form of money
with no way ever of repaying it it's our
children's Children's problem okay as
soon as you know that it will give be
like a wakeup call governments plan to
realize that loss by debasing the
currency all right we know they're
cooking the books of the CPI they
removed coffee from the
CPI near and dear to my heart and God
knows what else they've moved out of it
over the last year year and a half as
they cook the books for how they measure
CPI but this is how they steal it back
they print money and debase it and
that's why every time you go to the
store and you buy stuff you'll notice
you get less stuff for more money how it
works anyway um speaking of another SC
up as well Jim Kramer if you want
Bitcoin don't buy micro strategy buy
Bitcoin
um obviously he's one of the best Contra
indicators out there in the world ever
that could be a big by flag for micro
strategy anyway we'll see sorry another
breaking news too before we get into the
charts and on chain there's so much
happening today uh El Salvador mines 474
Bitcoin from a volcano powered
geothermal plant which goes into their
bag of 5,750 Bitcoin again talk about
turning heads this is from Ro
npal this will also turn heads for
nation states that have Infinite Energy
mine
Bitcoin and make your country richer why
not or become part of the IMF and use
their Fiat Ponzi as well you decide I
don't care um speaking of Bitcoin
history to this is another cool one Jeff
Hammer thank you for coming from Rizzo
13 years ago
today this is very sad story this from
Greg shun I wish IID kept my 1,700
Bitcoin at 6 cents instead of selling
them at 30 cents now they're
$8
well yeah um now that's $110 million bag
so again sometimes it pays to huddle
certain stuff sometimes it doesn't but
very sorry Greg about that and I hope
you at least got to stack a little bit
over the last what 13 Years anyway for
some charts these are some eyee
openening charts so seat belts please
first of all short-term holders are back
at Break Even This is a super super
chart I've been talking my short-term
holder price level for a long time and
it's this is just such a key level
especially in a bull market
because at the time right now Bitcoin
approximately 66,000 Traders have
already realized all their profits
purple area so only losses to realize of
these levels and it means the sell price
pressure is gone they're back in profit
or they're no longer going to be shaking
out of their positions so a very very
important sign too thank you cyber as
well two other charts in combination as
well the left one shows you how Bitcoin
demand is up this is demand from
accumulation addresses and ETFs you see
we did have that little selloff after
hitting the all-time high but what was
very interesting to me about this is you
can see how the profit taker waited so
we hit the all-time high and they sat
and waited and then they started selling
off and then they continued to sell off
till we capitated to the bottom which is
approximately that 59k 60k level and
then they saw okay we bought them let's
get back into the trade boom they jump
back in also follow the whales as we
always say the purple chart on the right
total whale Holdings and monthly
percentage change they are now stacking
again too but not the only people
stacking we'll talk more about that in a
second the etf's total bag is now above
$12 billion this is very good again
after the big inflow day yesterday and
as I mentioned earlier coinbase Bitcoin
Supply levels are hitting new lows
sellers are exhausted so we are ready
for that wave too but there's more
shrimps for the biggest time in a year
have started foming in these are people
that own less than one Bitcoin and they
start jumping on the bandwagon 2 and
according to Glass node you can see here
shrimps holding less than one Bitcoin
remarkably command 7% of the Bitcoin
Supply demonstrating a significant role
in ongoing accumulation tra change Trend
sorry and this is from JVS James Van
Stratton this has become one of the best
charts for Bitcoin as well over 50,000
Bitcoin were
accumulated okay from shrimps one
Bitcoin or less stacking their hearts
out the biggest accumulation in the last
year and this is so important they
weren't stacking hard at the bottom but
now they are stocking hard once again
and remember I think the smaller players
of shrimp now realize okay there's big
players in with these ETFs I better get
my little piece now before it's too late
perhaps charts don't tell you so much
and milky bull believes
$74,000 is the Next Step Before We
Gather momentum for an up only rally
Beyond
$100,000 and this is yet yet again the
inverse head and shoulders and another
confidence for a bounce here and we did
get that bounce yesterday yes it's
taking a little bit of a breather before
the next leg up but daily RSI has now
completed the trend line support
retest and again 746
745 is possible from here and according
to milky bull if his chart is correct
not my chart his chart we could be there
before the end of June again risk
happens fast as I always say there's a
Bitcoin only playlist here if anybody's
interested let's get into the ETF flows
too and again after all of that news if
you're not convinced the second wave is
coming a lot of people say you know oh
it's summer nothing's going to happen no
when when all these fund managers see
all of their competition allocating on
average 5.6% to Bitcoin
ETFs that's going to turn some heads
just a fact Bitcoin black whole time day
87 wow remember these are trading days
as well and you can see here the bottom
big dark green we are back above $12
billion 12.52 by the way last time we
were there I have on the chart was the
25th of April that was day 73 last time
we were above uh that amount the lowest
level we hit you can see from the chart
here in the middle was 11.1 198 that was
on the 2nd of May that was the low so
literally we're talking $800 million was
the dip of cell pressure nothing too
hectic considering 303 came in yesterday
that's how fast this thing moves this is
the macro update and I did say the ETFs
are going to come back after the
consolidation period and here we are
again you see the big spike on the right
hand side after the and this doesn't
even include Black Rock because of of
course they're probably playing some
funny game somewhere theoretically
allegedly just looking at data I could
be completely wrong but that's my theory
now 303 million this is the third
biggest day since March 11th that's 2
and a half months ago that's a win and
gray scale had their second biggest Day
Ever up 27 million as we saw from the
ETF filings two of the top three
stackers are actually stacking grayscale
so grayscale not dead and they're moving
to a
lower uh fee base fund as well thank you
meta girl too so nothing but goodness
here and the crazy stuff probably the
craziest chart okay we are issuing 450
Bitcoin a day these ETFs just these nine
ETFs pulled in
4,574 Bitcoin yesterday that is over 10x
the daily issuance Supply Sir Winston
thank you for coming and that is also
the third biggest day since day 41 which
was early
March again a very big rebound very good
for the system wave two is beginning
from all the data points I just shared
with you I could be wrong but I strive
to be right 80 to 90% of the time and
that's why I share this information so
hit the like if you enjoyed the show and
I'll see you all later thank you as well
to the mods in the chat have a great day
quick check in on the Bitcoin price
653 nothing too hectic but again that's
the market thank you all for coming
bye-bye
[Music]
