I can't believe it it finally happened I
got to meet Uncle Dave Dave Ramsey is
the man who tells you to live below your
means to eat your rice and beans you are
on beans and rice rice and beans no
vacation you will not see the light of
day you will work like an animal and
after years and years of pretending to
talk to him on my videos I was invited
to come meet him in
Nashville and when I say I was invited I
mean I invited myself and while I was
there I also tried to give him some
Bitcoin what if I gave you a Bitcoin um
he also took me behind the scenes of his
several hundred million Empire I got to
ask him your most popular questions
about investing real estate credit cards
and the current state of the market and
why he is the way he is I also asked him
to look at my portfolio to give me some
advice and here's how it went I feel
like uh it's more than I
deserve do you think back when you were
in your
20s was it easier to buy a house than it
is today mathematically wages have not
kept up with house prices so
mathematically it wouldn't have been
easier but it but it has always been a
strain it's always been um you know you
go back pre1 1960 pre 1955 before fhava
conventional before standardized
mortgages when you just had to go to
your local banker and talk him into it
uh the down payments were massive and
usually couples didn't buy a home uh
back in those days until they were in
their 30s or 40s um um and but the
Advent of s stuff like FHA or VA with
nothing down or almost nothing down and
you know 5% down on if anime even then
it became normalized in the' 60s 7s 80s
that everyone ought to get a house you
got to get a house got to get a house
got to get a house got to get a house
got to get a house and you know we had
first time home buyer programs that have
evolved over the decades and all that
because it's always been difficult with
your first job out of school to afford a
house um but it is it's it's hard right
now it's really legitim hard and what
you've got to do though is I think um
and and I know folks have a Dave Ramsey
stereotype or whatever but doesn't
matter what what they think but the the
reality is that just because you are uh
frustrated you don't get a pass on math
just because you feel like the whole
thing's rigged against you you don't get
a pass on math you don't want to sign
yourself up and punish yourself as a way
of uh showing the man I mean come on you
know you buy a house you can't afford
that's punishing yourself you're going
to set yourself back a decade and so
what we tell folks is just there's a
couple of variables here that you got to
look at uh where you live I mean
firsttime home buyers in Los Angeles in
Manhattan uh in their 20s have never
been a thing you've never been able to
afford those markets you also can't
afford to live in Tokyo or London some
of the most expensive cities in the
world Paris the most expensive cities in
the world and uh some of them are in the
unit States you know so you you just you
can't just go well I'm going to live in
LA and I should be able to ABY a no you
didn't never have been able to ever in
the history of housing so um so you have
to look at where you're living because
you don't get a pass on math because you
want to live in a certain place and then
you've got to look at uh give yourself a
little bit of patience breathe a little
bit I mean have a 36-month plan instead
of a three-month plan and and then as a
part of that do look at your income but
uh I was being interviewed by a lady the
other day on NPR and she said she'
talked to a guy whose daughter was um uh
working in a coffee shop and she was a
dancer in a show in downtown Nashville
one of the country shows and um and he
she couldn't afford a house and I'm like
well in the history of man working in a
coffee shop and being a dancer in a
country music band has never been able
to afford a house what about the people
that say back in the 70s you could get a
you know job out of high school and back
than the prices price to income ratio
was closer to three and maybe nowadays
the average is 5 to six yeah that's true
that's true out of high school uh and
but also then you you know the other
opportunities weren't there uh we've got
the wonderful opportunities in the
marketplace today that digital
everything affords you and so you've
just got to choose a career path you
know you can't say I'm going to be a
starving artist I'm going to be a
barista and buy a house it doesn't work
mathematically so you've got to choose
and you know I'm meeting uh lots and
lots and lots of JZ ear that are making
serious money and they're very serious
about their lives and they've done a
great job and many of them even paid off
their home in their mid-20s but it's
just but what are they doing well
they're buying a home in an affordable
area they're buying an affordable home
not a mcmansion um and they're working
their tails off and and they picked a
career field that enables them to make
some money and so
that's the that's how they won it wasn't
I didn't dictate this I didn't make the
rules but you still have to be able to
pay the freaking payment M Dame's
grandmother there's a great place to go
when you're broke to work that's a great
you can tell they're cut from the same
clock man I mean this is a very Dave
quote if you do poor people's stuff
you'll be poor if you do rich people's
stuff you'll be rich right it's so
simple and Powerful at the same time if
you aim at nothing you'll hit it every
time so uh this is as you enter we kind
of made this a fan experience we wanted
people to walk in and for it to be about
them not us yeah and so as you walk in
we've got the lobby you're greeted by
you know Janelle who's one of my
favorite people in the world you see the
whole stage here you get the debt free
stage this is the Pinnacle that
chandelier is cool the chandelier if you
notice has tiny microphones so when we
started doing the show years ago Dave
started doing this Deb free screen call
in the show they they share their Deb
free journey and they were just standing
in the hallway and so when we built this
new building he was like I want a stage
where people can stand and we celebrate
them as they talk through the the glass
so there's Dave getting ready for the
show right there and so people stand
right here with the headsets on you've
probably seen it on YouTube and they'll
talk about yeah you know and at the same
time we come out here twice an hour
whoever's hosting the show and we'll do
pictures and sign books with whoever is
visiting right here yeah that's cool is
it fair to say you absolutely hate
credit cards I hate what they do to
people so then I end up hating them you
know I I hate car loans and car leases
too you have no credit cards I don't I
have four pieces of plastic in my pocket
my debit card on my business my debit
card on my personal my driver's license
and my handgun carry permit that is the
only plastic I have in my pocket wow
okay but would you ever make a case for
responsible use of a credit card no a
debit card will do everything credit
card will do like consumer protections
and what about building your credit
score why do you need a credit score to
buy a house you can buy one without a
without without a credit score most
people can't you can't yeah they can't
anybody can if you have zero credit
score you can do manual under writing
wouldn't that interest rate be much
higher though NOP same exact okay George
camel Ramsey personality bought one four
years ago manual underwriting with with
Churchill Mortgage one of our
advertisers they do it all the time
because we tell people not and but you
can't have a low credit score you got to
have a no credit score oh okay I have to
ask this question I know you got this
recently but people are asking to
clarify the 10% return assumptions cuz
my assumption was it was 6 to 8% or 4%
safe withdrawal rate you're talking
about a withdrawal rate or you talking
about rates of return well both right so
so the S&P the S&P is averag 11.2 since
it's Inception so what what what is a
safe uh withdrawal rate so if if it's
averaged 11.2 since its Inception why
would tend be a problem do you think
it'll continue being that way though
sure yeah sure okay yeah I mean I own
one mutual fund that's got a uh 12.1 and
it's 80 years old right average annual
for 80 years and the last 20 years it's
done excellent why were people giving
you grief about the 8% withdrawal rate
uh because the standard crap in the
world of e economics mhm uh the stuff
we're taught in college is 4% 4% 4% the
stuff they teach you when you're working
on your cfp 4% 4% 4% 4% which if you
pull 4% and you you can live on that
that's fine I don't care you don't have
to but and it's the whole point is this
it never ends up you never end up
exactly where you were planning to end
up anyway okay you say okay I need a
million dollars because at 8% that's
$80,000 a year and I can live on that in
the future okay or I need $2 million
because at % that's
$160,000 but you never end up with 2
million you always end up with less or
more MH and so you actually you end up
dealing with reality and and here's the
thing though you're never going to make
12 you're going to make 16 or you're
going to make six right okay and so
that's how the reality is so none of the
this is all theory that somebody's
sitting with their calculator in their
mother's basement trying to figure this
out screw it start saving money and use
whatever assumptions you want to use
that cause you to get off your butt and
cause you to save money the people that
invest are the ones that end up with
money that's the math and so you know if
you don't like Dave Ramsey's assumptions
who cares right you know go do your own
but for God's sakes do it yeah I like
that so 3% is probably too
conservative okay well I mean not if
you're making seven right you know and
and the inflation's four okay but so so
you know what have you got it invested
in are you know I've got mine my mutual
fund portfolio
averages averages not every year a has
average for decades more than 12% and
I'm not a rocket surgeon what do you
think of dividend stocks cuz I'm I'm a
huge dividend investor I love dividends
I love blue chick Blue Chip is a great
certainly to have in the portfolio I
mean we teach growth growth and income
aggressive growth and Internationals the
four to split it across and that's what
I personally do but you know if you want
to sit heavy in that growth and income
you're going to get those blue chips and
there'll be a bunch of dividends in
there and that's a sweet play it's a
very uh predictable uh uh risk averse
play and uh and because the companies
are very solid old dinosaur they don't
move fast they're they're not going to
spike up but they're also not going to
spike down most of the time I mean so
it's a good play this is this is where
it all started this is the actual copy
of the document I'm day was bankruptcy
David Lawrence Ramsey III did in fact go
through bankruptcy back in the 8
and here we are years later and it's you
know we don't uh we don't celebrate the
pain and suffering but we celebrate the
fact that there was so much
transformation that happened because of
that moment so and a lot of people have
that moment you know the turnaround
moment the I've had it moment um and it
shows people that it doesn't matter
where you start that you can still
change and there's hope for you yet so I
think that's why people relate to Dave
so out of all of Dave's advice my
favorite one is baby step number four
which is to invest 15% of your household
income toward retirement that was at
this point in the video I showed him my
portfolio but before I share that with
you I want to quickly mention the
sponsor of today's video Mumu Mumu is a
One-Stop trading app available for users
in the United States Canada and
Australia so if you're just starting out
and you don't have a lot of money Mumu
offers fractional shares making
investing more accessible because rather
than buying an entire stock you can now
buy a portion of a share and invest as
little as $5 into companies like Nvidia
unlocking opportunities that before were
considered too expensive but what really
sets Mumu apart is it's unparalleled
affordability compared to other
brokerage apps and here's how they stack
up against the competition with some of
the lowest rates compared to everyone
else the app Prides itself on
transparency with no hidden fees
real-time options chain without
subscription fees and professional
features available at no extra cost and
of course the best part is that you can
get up to 10 fractional shares made up
of The Magnificent 7 which are stocks
like Nvidia Apple Amazon meta and more
when you complete your first $100
deposit and you maintain your average
asset balance for 60 days this this is a
limited time exclusive bonus that ends
on May 28th so make sure you use the
link down below to receive it of course
terms and conditions apply they're also
offering cash sweep which is 5.1% apy on
uninvested cash but rates are subject to
change so please check out the
disclosures for the latest data don't
forget to use the link down below thank
you Mumu for sponsoring this segment of
the video and now let's get back to it
assuming that you were in your 20s how
would you start all over again what job
would you get you know I've always I've
I've worked for myself my whole life
just about I think I've had a real job
just a short period of time in my early
like I got out of college I worked for a
guy for six months I worked for another
one for a year and then I sold real
estate for a company I guess I wor I
guess that but I was straight commission
um so um I've either been straight
commission or self-employed my whole
life virtually um and I would do
something like that for sure I'd find
something in the marketplace that that I
enjoyed the process and the model and
that I could scale and I think today the
beautiful thing about the digital world
that you and I live in uh you know with
all this stuff is that uh you can do
stuff fast mhm it's pretty quick you can
hockey stick some stuff man up and to
the right man and um you're proof of
that I mean you're a big star it's
pretty amazing so I wish but no you are
you got serious numbers man I'm proud of
you well done thank you thank you I
actually do want to ask you to rate my
my portfolio if you're okay with that I
don't have like all the individual
stocks okay I just want to give you a
breakdown of my situation so you can
kind of look at it all right I I don't
know why you need me to rate it I think
you're probably the guy that should be
rating it but no yeah I'd love for you
to criticize it you could I'm not going
to well I know you're going to criticize
at least one part okay and I'd love to
talk to you about it what's
miscellaneous uh Collectibles things
like uh most of this that number in
crypto though yes okay specifically
one's my financial adviser right now
he's auditing me wow you have done
amazing congratulations dude thank you
very well done man you I knew you were
killing it but this is great
thank you way to go man you're in great
shape and the stocks are single stocks
uh mostly S&P okay all right so you're
sitting like I was talking about them
yeah half S&P half blue chips yeah
because you're holding to those
dividends you were talking about I mean
you amazing what what do I need to do
differently should I sell my crypto oh
sure you know I don't you know that I
mean that's Dave's not ever going to
tell you to do crypto and the reason is
not because I'm stupid Boomer that
doesn't understand crypto that's not it
at all
um where I think people get confused uh
and they have in on this subject for
sure the subject of gold also is
um
we confuse our terms and and uh uh use
the wrong word MH
okay there is
speculation and speculation is for
short-term gain okay I'm day trading
stock I'm buying a currency I'm buying
gold
because if you were buying gold for the
long term you would look at its you know
100-year track record of 2% and you
would never buy it so you're speculating
flip this house you're speculating
specom you're buying it's called a spec
home so you're speculating that is not
investing investing is always by
definition longterm and you would never
invest longterm in something that has a
crummy or non-existent longterm track
record mhm because by definition if it
doesn't have a long-term track record
you are speculating you're guessing and
so when you say my Investment Portfolio
it should not include speculation you
could say I've got my Investment
Portfolio and then I'm doing this thing
on the side I'm flipping houses but
flipping houses is not a portfolio well
I guess when I look at investing I look
at it on Spectrum like if if Bitcoin was
here right or rather if if scams were on
this end of the spectrum and treasury
Bonds were on this side of the spectrum
all investing is a form of speculation
so you have the S&P somewhere closer to
speculation by definition is short term
but couldn't you hold on to bitcoin for
the long term like there have been
people that have had you could hold on
to it for the long term but you have no
reason to believe based on his history
because it doesn't have one right that
you're going to win except just your
assumption that because it's digital and
it's cool and the cool kids are doing it
but the people that are getting in it
are getting in it based on Greed they're
not based they're not basing it on LA
longterm I have analyzed this investment
with my calculator and I am looking into
the future and I can see you know that's
that's known as a guess right have you
ever studied the technicals of Bitcoin
at all like have you read the white
paper or understood like how it works
anyway I mean I've not gone into nowhere
near like you have I'm sure you you're
probably much more of an expert on it
than I but it just falls into a category
the technicals won't change it for me
okay so if you had it be the same thing
of um new tech stock a new tech company
blows up they're they they go from
Venture Capital they're going to take it
public they're going to do an IPO am I
putting money in that no when Facebook
went public did I put money in it no not
a dime because that's betting on the
short term now you look back 10 years
has Facebook done okay I don't know I
don't follow their stock but you know
probably probably could have been okay I
may have missed out but I didn't have I
don't play short game I play long ball
that's investing and so once you put it
in that category I just don't do it I
don't have to go into the technicals cuz
I'm not going to play I'm just trying to
find the missing link between who you
are as a person because I I agree with
everything you say and I'm like how do I
still agree and believe in Bitcoin is
because I'm not a short-term investor I
I'm holding it for the longterm how do
you explain that that's a long-term
investment because it's governed by code
right there's nothing you can change
about it it's not some mystery of of
speculation everything that it is a
currency a commodity it is a currency
it's not a currency okay a commodity so
commodity prices are driven by one thing
Supply Demand right that's all yes you
can't write the technical white paper on
that no you can't but the so if
everybody suddenly abandons Bitcoin your
Bitcoin is going to be worth air sure if
everybody comes after Bitcoin like a
Baptist after a casserole your Bitcoin
is going to go through the roof that's
fair okay you are not in control of that
you cannot predict that with a white
paper or technical true but I feel like
you can say that about anything whether
it's a particular stock or the stock
market bonds people can abandon that for
in Li of something else they could but
they don't have a history the difference
here is you don't have a history the
technicals are based on what they hope
wish think but so so's the IPO this year
actually in April Bitcoin became uh more
scarce by Supply than than gold in terms
of the uh yeah but last year in April it
wasn't
so but you're you
I think I think you're genius I think
you've done a great job with the
portfolio would I do that you I think we
have the question answered I would not
do that and that's why to be fair I'm
not here to convince anyone I just I
just I just love to get Dave's
perspective because to be honest I think
a trillion dollar asset like Bitcoin
will do its thing regardless of whether
I speak about it or not it's I I have no
influence over it and I same here yeah I
don't think it's I don't think bitcoin's
going to fail because Dave Ramsey said
don't do it right what I'm worried about
is that guy you know who should be
putting money in his 401 okay he should
have paid off his car he should have
gotten rid of his student loan he should
be thinking longterm he should be
getting his house paid off and instead
he's freaking putting money in this
stuff that's absurd right that's a fair
point I would agree with that there's
other priorities he's who I worry about
yeah I don't worry about you and me if
you lost in that portfolio if you lost
100% of your Bitcoin you're okay right
you're still a multi-millionaire you're
still incredible portfolio so you know
this has becomes a theoretical argument
at that point right what if I gave you a
Bitcoin would you take it or would you
not accept it well it would be pretty
hypocritical as as much as I have
trashed the idea publicly for since
since it became a thing how could you
say no huh I I could easily say
no what if you gave me a free credit
card I could say no you know but would
it kill me no it wouldn't kill me but
I'm no I you you wouldn't accept it even
if I offered one no wow it would be
hypocritical I mean how how could I do
that with Integrity tell everybody not
to do it me but for me I could take it
no no you you can donate it okay I'll
donate back to you we're good okay
that's fair I tried okay so this is the
car that is the replica of the one Dave
started this place from like he started
selling copies of his book financial
piece out of the trunk of this exact
model car and so because of Dave's
humble beginnings we wanted to have this
as sort of a spot in the L so we
actually cut the car in half we got all
the electrical parts working on it and
now we use it to display books for fun
so we have an outside uh staff they
don't work for us they're corporate Chef
employees that run the entire cafeteria
so those aren't ramsy employees but we
see them like our tee you know we
interface with these people every day
the people work in the cafeteria and so
we know them by name so we have all the
all the books that we've released and
there's probably many more uh on here
and some of the you know Awards and
YouTube stuff and Relics from the past
the shows that we launched and so now we
have a whole network of shows on top of
the Ramsay show uh and including my show
Ken Coleman show and then we have a tell
your story Booth which is fun cuz we
realize like we want to make the people
the hero not us the guide so if they
want to share their story there on
camera they can be like hey here's my
deal like I was in debt and I paid off
my debt here's how you guys impacted us
and it's cool and this is just like
photos of you know Dave and Snoop Dogg
and like just random hilarity D You Know
Thee presidents and just fun moments I
wanted to take you to one of the darker
times in your life uh when you declared
bankruptcy mhm um did you feel like you
failed personally I knew I failed I just
feel like it I did it destroyed me uh
because I grew up um in a uh hard
driving entrepreneurial household and um
I had a toxic view of success at that
time as a young guy I was an arrogant
little twerp and um
so being successful financially being
being successful in business was my
identity and so I didn't just lose the
money I lost me in the process I lost my
identity and so I didn't just simply go
broke it wasn't just a Monopoly game I
lost it was an internal existential
crisis and so
um I not only went broke I was
broken and um I I was overly confident
before and after that I didn't have it
shattered confidence I didn't have uh I
didn't have any Swagger left at all uh
you know it's two and a half years of
hell we went through losing property
after property and getting forecloses on
getting sued so many times and they were
all right it was all default judgments
you know now if you'd like to see the
rest of this video it's actually over an
hour long you can find it on my podcast
Channel with my co-host Dylan it's
already uploaded so go check it out
subscribe or not it's a really cool
video that I think is way more
interesting than this one because you
really get to know Dave as a person and
you see his vulnerable side but as
always I hope you have a wonderful rest
of your day smash the like button
subscribe if you haven't already don't
forget to grab your free stocks links
are down below go track them autom
magically with the spreadsheet link Down
Below in my patreon thank you so much
for watching I'd love to see you back
here on Monday and Friday sometimes a
Wednesday see you soon bye-bye
