welcome back to the cryptobot channel
everyone my name is Josh and right now
this Bitcoin indicator is about to flash
a new warning signal while the price is
still just hanging on to this critical
area of support so I'll be talking about
that in just a moment alongside ethereum
which is now sitting on the edge of
potentially a major break to the
downside while salana is now running
into critical short-term support so I'll
be talking about all of that and more
later in this video so definitely watch
to the
end first of all just before getting
into the Bitcoin charts today giving you
a quick update on the Bitcoin ETF news
today and over the last one week from
Monday to Friday honestly we didn't
really see anything too crazy in the
Bitcoin ETFs obviously I covered in the
beginning of the week that decent inflow
that we actually saw on Monday but other
than that that was about it for the
notable news in the Bitcoin ETFs because
on the Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday we
saw almost no inflows or outflows
basically very insignificant numbers and
on the Friday we saw a somewhat decent
net outflow of around $84 million us but
once again that was not as much as the
inflow that we saw on Monday and so
overall once again this week we didn't
really see anything too crazy in the
Bitcoin ETFs which is why I did not
cover it every single day this week
because for example on that Tuesday
Wednesday and Thursday we saw barely
anything happen in the Bitcoin ETFs and
so with that being said getting into the
Bitcoin charts today looking at the
3-day time frame and over the last 1 day
not a lot has changed on this chart
right here because this is still looking
at the larger time frames and as of
right now the larger time frames are
still technically showing a larger
bullish Trend forming significant higher
lows and higher highs in the price of
Bitcoin which is a bullish Trend by
definition but as I always say it is
important to understand the difference
between the different time frames so
even though we might be remaining within
a bullish trend on the larger time
frames of course in the shorter term on
smaller time frames we can see
short-term pullbacks or short-term
bearish Trends here and there during a
larger bullish Trend and so as always it
is possible to be short-term bearish and
longer term bullish so an example of
that would be for example if you're
thinking the price might drop over the
next week or so but you're thinking the
price of Bitcoin will be much higher in
6 months from now that would be an
example of short-term bearish long-term
bullish and as of right now we still
technically have a hidden bullish
Divergence here on the 3-day Bitcoin
chart with lower lows in the RSI and
higher lows in the price which once
again is a hidden bullish Divergence but
if we're taking a look at the daily
Bitcoin chart as of right now the dxy is
still having a slight bounce back to the
upside but at the time of recording this
video the dxy is not currently open for
trading and so we don't really have any
new major updates in the dxy over the
last one day so if you're new to the
channel and you want to know more about
this chart right here then check out my
last video here on the channel and so if
we're taking a look at this daily
Bitcoin chart as of right now the daily
Bitcoin RSI is basically consolidating
Above This previous line of resistance
which has just recently flipped into new
support with a recent retest of that
level and as I explained in my last
video in more detail the last time we
saw a retest like this in the RSI
breaking out above a massive descending
line of resistance on The Daily Bitcoin
chart was all the way back here in
around mid to late September and other
than that of course we did see another
breakout right here above a massive
descending line of resistance in the
daily Bitcoin RSI in early February but
that time around we did not end up
seeing that similar sort of retest that
we saw back in September and that we've
just seen recently but either way both
of those previous examples occurred
right before a major leg to the upside
in the larger bullish Trends basically
the next shortterm bullish Trend
beginning to play out and obviously
during these larger bullish moves we can
see short term pullbacks here and there
and so for as long as the RSI starts
flipping more bullish again and
especially if we start seeing some
higher lows and higher highs begin to
form in the daily Bitcoin RSI then
obviously that would be a bullish signal
for Bitcoin and crypto similar to what
we saw back here but with that being
said if we're taking a look at the daily
Bitcoin macd what we've already been
seeing over the last one week or so is
not much momentum really in the macd as
of right now the momentum is looking
extremely flat as I've already been
saying saying over the last half a week
to nearly one week now but this is
actually getting extremely close to a
potential bearish cross which would
basically mean an increase in bearish
momentum rather than just no momentum
and if we're taking a look at the last
few bearish crosses that we've seen in
the daily Bitcoin macd we saw one back
here in around early to mid January and
what came next was a continued
short-term pullback in the price and
then we saw another small bearish cross
around late February and what happened
there was a very slight pullback in the
price of Bitcoin just over the next
couple of days before another move back
to the upside eventually and then we saw
a much larger bearish cross with a lot
more bearish momentum around midmar and
of course that basically occurred right
around the all-time high just before
this major pullback and so once again as
of right now the macd is moving closer
towards a bearish cross any day now we
could potentially see a new bearish
cross in the macd but with that being
said the momentum is still relatively
flat which means even if we see this
bearish cross we might not necessarily
see a lot of bearish momentum like what
we saw back here and so just keep that
in mind as of right now we do not really
have a lot of momentum to either
direction which is why we're seeing
relatively mild moves in the market and
basically choppy sideways price action
rather than a significant move to either
direction and while the price of Bitcoin
is basically chopping around here in the
short term we're still potentially
forming this massive falling wedge
pattern with resistance currently
sitting at around
62.8k and support for this pattern
sitting at around
57.7k and so in order to actually
confirm a strong breakout for this
pattern and confirm the technical price
targets ideally we need to first of all
see a breakout Above This resistance and
ideally above a previous High to set a
new higher high in place once again that
resistance I just mentioned and this
previous high if we're looking at the
candle closes is sitting at around
64.2k and so until we start to see a
confirmed breakout above this line of
resistance right here and a breakout
ideally above that previous High to
confirm a new higher high in the price
of Bitcoin after potentially forming a
higher low here until we see something
like that happen we cannot really be
overly confident that we're actually
flipping more bullish again in the short
term so technically we could still
remain within this shortterm pullback
until we actually confirm some strong
bullish confirmation like a Breakout
Above This previous high and we could
also possibly be forming an inverse Head
and Shoulders pattern on The Daily time
frame with this being the left shoulder
this being the head and right now we're
potentially forming a right shoulder and
so this potential inverse Head and
Shoulders pattern on The Daily time
frame would have kind of a sloped
neckline which would be sitting close to
this line of resistance or more closer
towards around 64,000 and so once again
we really need to break out above that
64k level give or take in order to start
flipping much more bullish again in the
short term but that is once again
different to the larger time frames
which as of right now the larger trend
is still bullish as I've been saying
since the beginning of
2023 but if we're taking a look at this
daily Bitcoin chart as of right now the
price of Bitcoin is still running into
this critical area of support that we've
previously found a lot of support at and
that is sitting in between around 60.5k
to
61k but if we start seeing a confirmed
break to the downside below that support
so for example daily candle closes
confirming below around 605,000 well in
that case we could potentially see a
move down towards this next area of
support sitting in between 58,000 to
58.5k and below that we have this level
of support at around 565,000 but at
least for now this area is still holding
up as some strong support at least for
now in the short term for the price of
Bitcoin and due to the fact that the
price of Bitcoin is still finding
support in this area when it comes to my
trading strategy right now first of all
if you've been watching my videos over
the last one week or so you would
already know that I started to scale
into a long position around these lows
right here and then I did take a small
amount of profits off the table for that
long position round about here and as of
right now I have actually added more to
that long position and so with this
latest pullback that we've just seen
close to these local lows right here at
least as of right now I have added a
little bit more to to this trade so as
of right now as you can see on the left
side this is currently a $300,000 long
position but once again even in the
worst case scenario if this just crashes
right now or continues pulling back once
again as of right now I still have my
stop loss above my entry and as I just
said I have already taken a small amount
of profits anyway from this trade and so
once again even in the worst case
scenario I still profit from this trade
right here and of course the best case
scenario would be if we bounce sometime
soon and recover back to the upside then
obviously this trade would make even
more profits but the idea of this trade
right here and really My overall trading
strategy when it comes to bitcoin is to
take more of a swing trade rather than
just trade a quick shortterm move and so
basically the point of that trade was to
try and scoop up the lows right here in
order to potentially catch the next
major swing to the upside in the larger
bullish Trend but obviously there is a
chance that that may not work out this
time around we could get stopped out on
that trade and just take a small amount
of profit from this trade right here if
we get stopped out and so once again in
that case and let's just say if we
continue our pullback then perhaps at
the next low in that scenario I'd look
to enter a new long position wherever
the next low might be formed because
ultimately when it comes to my trading
strategy I like to focus on the larger
moves in the price of Bitcoin rather
than just the shortterm moves up and
down but once again that is just my
trading strategy when it comes to
bitcoin and as always that is not
personal financial advice because I
don't know your personal financial
situation but if you want to take trades
just like this in the price of Bitcoin
or any other crypto personally I'm
taking this trade right here over on
bybit so I'll make sure to leave a link
to bybit in the description down below
and in the pinned comment and if you use
that link down below this video to make
a buyit account and deposit on that
account then you can get up to a $30,000
deposit bonus but only if you use that
link down below this video and also if
you use that link it'll take you to this
page right here where you can claim an
exclusive 200 usdt airdrop position just
by making a buit account using that link
and making a deposit and claiming the
airdrop and so if you're going to be
trading crypto anyway you might as well
check this out once again first link
down below this video but for whatever
reason if you cannot access bybit or if
you cannot kyc on bybit there is also
bitflex which is another crypto exchange
similar to buybit but you don't need kyc
for bitflex and so I will also make sure
to leave a link to bit flex down below
this video as an alternative crypto
Exchange and if we're taking a quick
look at the Bitcoin liquidation heat map
we can see just recently over the last
one to two days once again we took out
that level of liquidity which was
sitting at around 605,000 and as of
right now we don't really have major
areas of liquidity in the immediate
short term we do have a little bit of
liquidity at around 60.1k but as of
right now we have more liquidity
starting to build to the upside so first
of all we have some liquidity at around
635,000
some more liquidity in between 645,000
to 65,000 some more liquidity at around
66,000 and also on larger time frames we
have billions of dollars of liquidity at
around 675,000 and So eventually when
the price of Bitcoin crosses above those
higher levels of liquidity that could
potentially liquidate billions of
dollars of shorts positions causing a
major short squeeze to the upside so
just keep that in mind that is a
possible scenario once we actually cross
above those higher levels of liquidity
but with that being said taking a look
at ethereum on the weekly time frame and
right now the price of eth is running
into a critical level of support which
is the second most important Fibonacci
level the 38.2% Fibonacci level which is
sitting at around
2.9k and basically if we start breaking
below that Fibonacci level right there
the next important retracement level is
the 50% retracement level sitting at
around 25,000 and below that level we
have the most important Fibonacci area
on the chart which is the golden pocket
sitting in between $2,000 and
2.1k and so once again those are the
next important levels to pay attention
to to the downside if we first confirm a
break below this support sitting closer
towards 2.9k but obviously as of right
now that has not yet happened so if
we're taking a look at this daily time
frame for the price of eth as of right
now the price of eth is still
potentially forming a massive falling
wedge pattern because the price has not
yet confirmed a break below this support
or above this resistance as of right now
this support line is sitting at around
2850 and this line of resistance is
sitting at around
3270 and if we're taking a look at the
12-hour time frame right now the price
of eth is running into this critical
area of support which was previously
strong support for the price and that's
sitting in between around 2850 to 2950
so once again again we have a lot of
support all coming together around 2.9k
give or take and so that is why it is
important for the price to hold above
this area right here in the short term
because once again if we start
confirming a break with candle closes on
larger time frames below
2850 then in that case we could
potentially return to 25,000 but as of
right now we have not yet confirmed to
break below this support which means
it's still possible the price could
bounce around this area as we've seen PR
previously and in that case if we
actually do see another bounce around
this area of support we could simply
just remain in this choppy sideways
price range that we've seen over the
last few weeks or so and the resistance
area for this sideways price range is
sitting in between 3.2k to 3250 and we
have more resistance at around 3.3k and
3350 and so like I said in my last video
while the price is in between this
support and this resistance we're still
potentially looking relatively neutral
with not much momentum to either
direction but obviously if we start
breaking below this level of support
then the bearish momentum could start
picking up and if we're taking a look at
salana on the 12-hour time frame right
now the price of salana is running into
this ascending line of support which is
sitting at around 143 to 144 and we also
have some more support closer towards
$140 but if we actually see a break to
the downside in the short term below 140
well in that case we have major support
in this price range in between 120 to
128 and when it comes to resistance we
still have strong resistance in between
150 to 155 with more resistance at
around 160 and more resistance in
between 167 to 172 and similar to what I
said for Bitcoin and ethereum as of
right now at least in the shorter term
the price is kind of lacking momentum to
either direction we don't really have a
strong Trend or momentum to either
Direction which is why we're kind of
seeing choppy sideways price action
rather than a significant move up or
down but you can still trade these moves
in the short term for the price of any
crypto if you use those links down below
this video once again you can claim
those extra bonuses and if you want to
actually know how to trade these moves
in the market no matter if the price is
bullish bearish or chopping around
sideways then make sure to watch these
videos popping up right here on your
screen the video in the top left shows
you how you can profit from bullish or
bearish Price action using long
positions or short positions and the
video in the bottom left shows you how
you can easily profit from choppy
sideways price action but anyway that is
everything that I have to say for today
I really hope you enjoyed and I'll see
you all in the next video
