Hello everybody welcome back to the
channel where we talk about stuff I
assume at this point that a large
portion of what it means to be uh in the
cryptocurrency market uh basically means
a large portion of people will not be
paying attention to the news calm down
cuz I I just heard someone overreact I
do have a thing where I constantly
mention that people aren't paying
attention for the most part I think that
I'm correct the other issue is is that I
got it there may be five or 10% of
people who watch my videos who actually
pay attention to what's going on but
from The Wider cryptocurrency market
trends it is abundantly clear to me that
the vast majority of people in the
entirety of the cryptocurrency space
tend
to avoid news not want to know what
actual news is only care about prices
don't look at fundamentals and you know
what not singling anyone out is just
more of a this is a very long-term
game and it's something that we really
began to understand around
2019 when we saw big money beginning to
enter into the market even as prices
were falling and we started I mean once
again started first hearing about the
concept of buying OTC within the
cryptocurrency market OTC being overthe
counter that is to say let's say there's
someone who's like I want to buy $35
million worth of bitcoin the problem is
if I buy on coinbase or Kraken or
binance it's going to move the price up
so what do you do you go directly to the
supplier you you would walk into coin
bases office and say hey I want to make
a purchase of $35 million and they would
simply you would bank transfer them or
hand them the wad of cash I'm this is
supposed to be a a briefcase full of
money and they would transfer you the
coins on chain as the transfer is
happening on chain and not through the
metrics of the actual cryptocurrency
exchange we don't see that this
transaction is happening and it's how
the majority of cryptocurrency
transactions are actually happening
right now that's why when we do gets
news of transactions and it's like this
many coins were bought up and the whales
are buying this is when we actually see
the prices rise when they happen OTC and
buying is happening over the counter it
won't move prices cuz people just simply
see stuff moving on chain and it could
be
anything
now certain things are going to be more
popular in the news all the time I've
been I've you you understand what it
means to make a video per day for almost
a decade you understand what the trends
are very very quick people like when the
prices go higher what that's crazy right
people also will click more when prices
are down to figure out why the prices
are down people do
not care about videos about saving about
making money about saving for retirement
about pensions or in the cryptocurrency
sense I guess you could kind of bundle
all of those
together I'm happy that a lot of you
watching
hello have had or have developed a
mindset of long-term especially when it
comes to this Market because it's not
that way for a lot of other people a lot
of people are just here for the quick
money and it's going to be a gigantic
mistake for them long term but that's
not for me and you to actually worry
about we know exactly what's going
on one of the craziest things about
reading and seeing and absorbing news
every single day is you have a pretty
good window into all all things that are
happening within the cryptocurrency
market one of the crazier ones and this
was I mean the last I want to say even
two or three weeks a lot of this news
has been popping up when we get new news
about Pension funds retirement funds
when we get news that there are
countries looking at the space when we
had that news this was about a month ago
of the some of the largest banks on the
planet for those of you who missed it
have been going directly to the people
who are mining Bitcoin because they
don't want to buy on crypto exchanges
they need a large amount of Bitcoin but
they don't want the prices to go up so
they're literally trying to go to the
source and buy directly from the people
who were mining do you understand the
significance of literally like walking
up to the tree to be like hey give me
some apples before the apples have
fallen before they've been taken sent to
the store like it's it's it's it's a
crazy idea to wrap your head around that
Bitcoin is so scarce and they don't want
the price to move because they're trying
to buy as much as they can for
themselves I don't expect prices to
Skyrocket that would that would be far
too logical if that were to happen but I
wish there was more of a discussion
about
it when that happens and I look around
and no one no one is talking about it
that's where you get those video titles
this happened and no one paid attention
why is no one talking about what just
happened to bitcoin they seem dramatic
when I type them when you read them and
you go oh snaps I also didn't hear about
that as
well we exist in a very different
cryptocurrency world right right now and
it's one that I think that maybe people
are just getting used to and or it's it
seems rather abstract that's probably
exactly what it is if you're new to the
market even if you've been here for a
while we don't know a crypto world where
the rich people are here standing next
to us buying as well and that's what I
think is putting a lot of people off
because if you see the prices go down
you automatically assume something must
be wrong there's a problem so and so why
you know the these kinds of
things I have been a Believer for quite
some time that when prices go down it's
not because something is wrong well we
know that is actually the selling from
retail investors everyday normal people
who were trying to recoup some money
because the price fell down by 4% and
they got scared but I think a lot of
that is also tactic for when I say
wealthy do do you understand what I mean
I mean like so this is a bit off topic
the wealth Holdings and the
accumulations that we have right now in
2024 as I'm making this
video These we haven't seen these levels
since the Gilded Age and the Victorian
age you can actually look it up there a
lot of analysts who are going through
the numbers and they're seeing the
wealth accumulation by the very wealthy
and they say it is literally similar to
when people owned multiple castles and
all the 395 Acres around them that had
hundreds of homes on them then those
homes you know gave them rental income
and these families were you know let
them have cake kind of thing it seems
once again weird to think about because
we are 8 billion people but even when
you look at the here we go when you look
at the level of debt
that people are in mathematically we're
actually still there but the system that
exists is that the wealthy have the
assets they have all
the power they have all the money and
you may live a comfortable life etc etc
but there are many people who are in
excessive levels of debt that it
actually completely forces it to the
other side do you understand the extra
debt and the extra riches over here
completely imbalances everything the
point to be made with that is that
during the course of bitcoin's history
the amount of attention not being paid
to the news that countries are here has
been maddening to me I once that's why I
said in the beginning I know a lot of
you are paying attention but for those
of you who are not
please get it
together there's a
uh just recently happened one of the
heads of Black Rock the company who owns
the world he recently
announced who has been actually
contacting the company in regards to
bitcoin and when you say these things
out loud I think the majority of people
don't listen and I want you all to
really pay attention to what this man
has to say when it comes to bit Bitcoin
Bitcoin has been around for 15 years
there are incredibly wealthy people and
families and institutions and offices
and Banks and countries while the price
goes down while the price goes up while
the price goes sideways they're buying
if you've been here for a couple of
years as I was flailing around in other
videos constantly talking about there's
not a lot of Bitcoin left and bitcoin's
price is going to rise this is where we
currently are you've seen it rise over
the last few years as I've been saying
daily that this accumulation has been
happening this guy
said that apparently there's a lot of
interest for Bitcoin and he said and I
quote many of these interested firms
whether we're talking about pensions
endowments
insurers asset managers family offices
or Sovereign wealth funds you know what
a sovereign wealth fund is it is the
wealth fund of a
Nation he said that they're in
discussions with Nations for their
wealth fund a sovereign wealth fund
usually not comprises the entirety of
the wealth of a Nation but it's usually
like the money that they have remember
when we heard news um this was couple
maybe three years ago at this point for
those of you who don't know uh back in
the olden days and three years ago uh
Brazil came out I mean running towards
the market and a bunch of their cities
within Brazil announced that they have
like you know a a a city-wide fund
smaller than a sovereign fund and they
said that these funds a portion of the
money from these funds millions and tens
of millions of dollars would be
allocated into Bitcoin also completely
over people's heads that was the
beginning of it to say that you're in
discussions with Pension funds and
Sovereign wealth funds are interested in
Bitcoin and the world hasn't turned
upside
down I don't know what's going on what
more do people and the masses
need to get it into their heads and I
know that it's slowly happening one of
my um one of my friends we were I always
say that but we were chatting about
Bitcoin and he was saying that he's
actually quite surprised because because
he's been talking to people or he meets
new people or he's in like a kind of
setting he lets people talk amongst
themselves and at some point he said
somebody said the word Bitcoin and
everyone at the table began talking
about it it was no longer this Niche
thing like it was years ago where you
had to like explain blockchain and
what's the difference between this and
he said almost every person at the table
already owned Bitcoin so it's it's it's
moving along but I still maybe it's just
my sphere where I exist and I try to
tell people these things it's does
nothing to them they don't
care it could just also be anyway it's
he said we are having
ongoing diligence and research
conversations and we're playing a role
in that perspective he said in the
interested he said he said and the
interest is not New Black Rock has been
talking about Bitcoin to these sorts of
Institutions for several
years one of the things that annoyed me
the most was this lie that we were told
is from all these Millionaires and
billionaires that Bitcoin was awful and
terrible and a scam and no one was using
it and it had no use cases which is
crazy something that was built that 8
billion people can use that has
trillions of dollars flowing through it
with no downtime 24/7 and you say it has
no value you're not lying to only us but
you're lying to yourself when all these
companies came forward for years years
and were downplaying Bitcoin and then we
found out in 2018 2019 that they had
been
buying had been buying since
2014 I remember that video it set me off
because we heard from a lot of these
companies they literally I don't know
what's wrong with them they came forward
and they were like yeah we've been in
Bitcoin since 2014 and I was like wait
Googled it and found out all the
nonsense they were saying about Bitcoin
since 2012
we have moved onto a different
reality I am terrified to
think that the only people who will own
Bitcoin who will have any
Bitcoin will be the people who just got
into this market and or have been lying
to us over the last decade it's it's
it's been about a decade at this
point I want more people to really get
it and understand I cannot and will not
ever tell you what to do with your money
but I'll say it this
way if you
think that Pepe coin
Tron dog with wi dog with bone and Leash
and hat are going to outperform bitcoin
you are sadly
mistaken these coins that are popping up
in the market every single day the
amount of articles I keep seeing
discussing this Salona meme coin this
meme coin look at this coin this coin is
brand new can it outperform ethereum
they are
distractions they and sometimes they are
literal distractions by the people who
lied to us years ago it's not difficult
to create a coin and lie to people and
to advertise it and to make sure that
you avoid buying the thing that's
important it might be time for some
other people to start to re-evaluate
your portfolio to look and really
examine uh if it's weighted properly I
am not in any way suggesting that it
should completely be Bitcoin but gosh
darn it if you've been watching me every
single day um and you don't understand
the weight of what it means that
countries are talking to Black Rock
that's that's the final that's the last
cherry on top it goes retail it goes
rich people millionaires
multi-millionaires billionaires Pension
funds uh family offices they they also
um are controlling hundreds of millions
and billions of dollars and then you
have countries who have told us that
they're already using Bitcoin they're
mining Bitcoin they're hoarding Bitcoin
like we know this to be a fact and then
you have the actual fund for the
entirety of the country there's that it
doesn't doesn't get any higher than
that so um yeah I think that's going to
do it for this video there will be a
link in the description below for those
of you who wish to read what I just was
talking about um I hope you've all
enjoyed I hope you all understand I hope
you reevaluate your portfolios I hope
you really understand where this um
is all going because I don't want to
hear I don't want to see it when Bitcoin
goes above
$150,000 I don't want one comment not
one saying I I I wish I bought more I
wish the price was
lower uh thank you all once again for
watching listening liking commenting and
supporting and I will most certainly be
talking to to you all
soon see you
