all right folks we're going to look at
some major plays here for this week to
get started let's dig into Tesla look at
the Tesla stock price prediction based
on the technicals and I have been giving
it to you way ahead of time and it's
doing exactly what I've been telling you
and now we're going to see where it goes
from here also big news for Apple out
there the charts are telling us one
thing but the the major whales out there
are telling us something completely
different and I'm talking about Warren
Buffett you guys know I've covered him
over the last few videos and I want to
get into specifics here and show you
exactly what's happening we got a lot to
go over this is going to be an
interesting week and we're getting to
the point that something either is going
to absolutely crack and and just be
horrible or we finally finally start
this recovery that I think we're going
to have I I'm actually more bullish than
bearish but I also have been in the
business so long I know it could go
either way and so we're going to dig
into a whole bunch of stuff uh and you
know I always say watch what they do not
what they say and man if you've been
watching Warren Buffett out there he has
been making moves and I if you haven't
watched the last couple videos I've done
you're going to want to pay attention to
them it is crazy out there lately uh now
for those who haven't join the stocko
patreon the link is down below please
join you can see people in there working
as I speak right now the bot is live
this is my personal bot that we made
this this has my strategies it comes in
you can put it in it gives you somebody
just pulled up uh there you go and you
can see uh we got right here it gives
you a nice bullish sign there you go it
moves higher you get a little Bearer
sign and you can see we eventually do
clip down there and you have the
breaking of the Binger band here so you
got a little bit of both on this one you
got to be careful uh you got the Green
from the breaking of the Binger band The
Red showing you the Gap and of course
you get a nice signal right here on the
50 which ends up paying off nicely
triple greens which has been moving up
nicely so this thing is absolutely Next
Level so if you haven't joined the
patreon get in there you'll get access
to that and the golden sweeps the
regular sweeps the the AI bot I mean it
gives you the confidence interval it is
incredible spits out the place
throughout the day so that's something
you can do now let's dig into it I I
came here to talk stocks I kind of want
to show you this we're going to start
with Tesla and let's be honest I told
you exactly what to expect what had to
happen for Tesla to run to 240 even up
to 300 uh the first thing I said is when
we were here and I did this here I I
told you if you go back and look at my
videos on this day around here I said if
we cannot break 200 and confirm you are
going to run back down and you're going
to hit the 50 and that's going to be
around 50 EMA around 175 I said if we
confirm below 175 we are heading to 163
153 Zone and if we confirm below the 153
Zone you you are heading back down to
140 if you confirm at 140 you're heading
back down to 100 and that is ugly and so
we're not there yet there's a lot of a
lot of places that this can catch nice
support uh one of them was the 50 we
failed uh you broke down below the 50 on
Wednesday and of course it started down
pushed up next day back down confirmed
lower below the 50 five just crossed
below the 50 it is just plain ugly for
the 50 uh EMA and so we we are now going
back down into the goldilock zone now at
this point people ask me where do you
expect me to go 161 is where I expect to
hit this is the next line of support
that I see if you fail on that one
you're going back down to 151 and this
is where I've been telling you before
elon's giving you good news about the
future but the truth is it's still going
to be ugly for the next few quarters so
I think a lot of the the Wales were
selling as retail was buying on that
news and they they sold they they
they'll buy back in at a lower price and
that's one of the things you got to
watch for and of course uh we are back
down to
16847 I always look at it you know
because Kathy Wood is a big supporter of
Tesla and we know she buys when she sees
that value I didn't see her buying you
guys can let me know if she was buying
over the last week uh did not see that
and of course she has a huge position in
Tesla so I'm not saying she has to run
out and buy again but it's always a it's
an interesting sign when you got the
whales out there buying and that gives
you a little bit more hey they got a
huge massive massive research team they
got the algo rhythms working for them
they got everything going on and it's
interesting it's interesting you know
what and I also want to say this happy
Mother's Day to everyone everyone that
made it out there you guys all the moms
out there happy Mother's Day uh you know
it's a tough job it's hard to do so my
hats off to you and of course this day
you know get spoiled today get spoiled
have the kiddos spoil you maybe make
dinner I don't know my kids are breaking
down cardboard boxes for uh their mom
right now and they're going to go get
pick up dinner for us so I feel like I
get a little bit of a a side benefit
here from uh for mother's day so I you
know you know how it works I we did all
kinds of nice things so far but happy
Mother's Day now all right I talk about
I just brought up basically what Kathy
would with Tesla all that and the Tesla
stock price prediction now I didn't give
you the bullish side of this I gave you
the bearish side and it is bearish right
now I'll tell you this if we pulled up
let's pull up um let's pull up right
here let's pull up my chart let's see if
we got the indicator for Tesla and we'll
put in uh right there click on it stock
Mo indicator Tesla so I'm going to guess
we're going to get a red signal the red
signal should not be discounted this bot
is fire and there it is uh just happened
all right so that's bad news family and
if you see crisscrosses like this you
always go with the latest one and so we
had a nice bullish action gave you the
sign before the pop it gave it to you
and you got it so if you filed it you
made money as long as you took profit
and you're still up money even here uh
and so anyways here's the bearer signal
and I'm telling you right now once in a
while you get a crisscross but if you go
with the latest this one right here you
get the sell off and of course this one
gave you this spy up it goes I should
say the bullish and then we come down
and now you got the bearish so people
ask me you bearish or bullish my
indicator and I go with my indicator
it's bearish right now and I told you
guys at
199 you know 175 is going to be the key
if you go below 175 it's going down and
I told you I wouldn't make a decision
until we saw 200 confirmed or 175 175
has now been confirmed I'm officially
bearish again and as you guys know we'll
see how this thing goes uh they
absolutely missed on their earnings but
they had a great forward-looking
revision if you will in terms of where
they're seeing things go so something to
consider now the other thing I wanted to
bring up Apple Apple remember what I
just told you go and we'll pull up Apple
right here before I get out of here
let's take a look at Apple hit the
indicator uh and
um let's make sure we get that right
here and bear with me family layout
there we go I got it right now uh and
we'll put in AAP there we go so the
indicator goes out pulls in the
information this thing and you guys get
access to my portfolio my buys and sells
the small account Challenge and I put a
free portfolio for you to use in here
all right very very bullish here that
was couple weeks ago absolutely ran like
it should we had a major bearish pop
here did it drop yes it did but we just
got a Resurgence of bullishness right
here and is it going up it is and now
it's kind of Meandering sideways which
we know anytime we break the Binger band
we get three to four sometimes five to
six days before it will continue I am in
the I will say this right now I am not
going to be surprised if this hits the
50 bounces off the 50 and runs now I'm
going to show you the chart on this
because I called this absolutely
perfectly and I did this all the way
back here I said I expect this to run up
down then back up touch the 50 and off
it goes
so and we called this way back here look
it almost hit it perfect all right the
only thing is I uh as it came back down
I was off a day or two and then it came
back up I was off two days uh now coming
down I'm going to be off a couple of
days it might not come down to the 50 it
might just go five to six days sideways
consolidate and then run and I'm not
sure on that but overall I expect it to
retest right here so people ask me where
do you see Apple going in the near
future 200 I think it hits 200 this year
I think or at least we'll get up to 198
uh so that's one of the things I'm
looking at when it comes to Apple but I
am nervous about Apple and I only say
this because look you don't go up and
get into a boxing ring with Mike Tyson
and expect to be better than him all
right it it just doesn't happen so that
analogy why' you bring that up Mo
because I don't expect to get in and go
against what Warren Buffett's doing and
better him so he has trim
133% of his Apple position in the first
quarter do not be surprised if he
continues to trim it and once he starts
to sell i' I've seen it before he
continues to sell uh he it was 40 over
40% now is
39 something I think uh I got it right
here
39.5% so you know I don't know he says
think paying taxes now on the massive
capital gain for is a smart move for
bursh listen we're paying 21% Federal on
gains we're taking at that rate
35 the pass he believes taxes go higher
well here's the
deal I I I heard people bring this up
he's taking a tax hit now because he
thinks there's a good chance taxes will
go higher look that's an excuse that's
an
excuse you don't sell a stock if it's
going to continue to make money
especially if you you don't even know if
taxes are going higher and even if they
do go higher you're given time to make
the moves ahead of time and other words
you don't have to sell to dat because
something might happen in a few years
you can just continue to hold and make
money so I had people bring this up and
I said are the taxes going up no they
might though he didn't have to sell he's
telling people look hey I'm selling out
because tax would be higher blah blah
blah no no no no no no that that's
that's a that's a cop out to me that
that's saying you know hey you you could
wait and hold this and sell it down the
road before the taxes raised if you hear
they they're debating a bill they're
going to raise taxes you have until this
day to make any moves before the taxes
change then he could have but he chose
today he chose now why would you choose
now what's going on out there and you
can see I told you uh he did that in q1
why remember q1 was January up to March
so you can see January we get right here
and look where we were 190 something he
sold all the way down through March and
right now we're down to 160 he sold all
the way through it finally dropped
really bad all the way through March and
so yeah he kept taking hits and hits and
hits and it lost a lot of money and then
all of a sudden we now have a reversal
so what he did during the first three
months I don't know we'll see how that
goes but but I actually think we have a
solid reversal on our hands right now
and that we are going to bounce up and
at least test 198 so I'm going to go
against what he's doing right now and
and tell you that I think there's room
for Apple to run up to two around 200
all right now that's the update these
are some of the best stocks to buy now
in terms of Apple being bullish but I do
believe Tesla is bearish all right now
if you haven't done it get over to my
course or I should say get over to my
patreon sign up down below it's the
first link below and for those who did
not get in my course yet you're running
out of time to use code cash to save 300
off of this this is a huge amount you
will save uh get over there click on the
link down below for the course you get
lifetime access to the course and the
course Discord and we did add the
breadbot over there as well and like I
said the if you haven't gotten the free
shares from Mumu down below as well put
$100 in you will get 10 free shares of
Mumu or right not of Mumu of uh you get
the fantastic 6 seven The Magnificent
Seven there it is you get 50 bucks worth
of stocks basically so you get 50% on
your money instantly do that on your
$100 deposit use my link down below and
for Canada you're in Canada I got a link
for you as well you get up to $2,400
depending on what you do take advantage
of this as well so all kinds of good
things for Mumu I'm still doing my small
account challenge that I ask you to join
me so you just sign up for your mumo
account get that all set up put your 100
bucks in there and I I release my play
all I ask you to do put $5 to $10 in
stocks daily because they have
fractional shares now you have to have
what's known as a universal account so
if you haven't got your fractional
shares you write customer service tell
them you want to upgrade to a universal
account and then you can do that all
right family that's what I got for you
today happy Mother's Day again let's get
out there and make some
money e
