I'm a value investor and I wait for
great companies to be priced at the
price that I want to buy them and then
buy shares in companies like apple great
company their balance sheet is just
incredible how much cash and marketable
securities they have on their balance
sheet but their stock is really popular
people really understand what Apple does
because they likely own an iPhone or a
Macbook and that makes them somewhat
very familiar and comfortable in buying
their stock so the stock tends to be
priced quite High most of the time this
stock had an excellent
2023 being one of the stocks that Rose
over 40% in The Magnificent Seven stocks
their market cap is incredible almost
three trillion doll in value Warren
Buffett owns this stock it's just got a
lot of things going for it now I don't
buy stocks just because they're popular
I buy stocks because they're a really
good value and apple really provided
opportunities to buy the stock in 20124
the stock has dipped and it provided a
pretty good discount recently I'm glad I
bought into Apple I bought some shares I
didn't dive in head first principally
because apple is not going to offer up a
big discount but it is going to offer up
a value investor a price that I'm
willing to pay for a great company I'd
like to take you through my analysis I'd
like to value Apple share that analysis
with you and also share with you what my
intent is with this stock I own a few
shares and I need to make a decision
whether I should buy more shares hold or
sell my shares in apple
keep in mind I'm an individual value
investor just share my analysis for
other investors to take a look at I hope
you find it interesting it is not
Financial advice and I'm not
recommending you buy or sell Apple stock
I hope you find my video interesting and
please leave comments now looking at
Apple for this current year 2024 the
year-to day performance on Apple is
pretty much flat it really has gone up a
bit gone down significantly and we're
really flat for the last four and a half
months if we look at the annual return
of the stock it's up only 8% so this
stock has not overperformed you'd have
to look at an Nvidia or other stock to
really show a stock that's just been
forming been performing really really
well also if you look at the past year
you can really see a lot of volatility
where the stock really came down it was
trading down as far low as $165 per
share and it's currently at $186 per
share so that is interesting volatility
is my friend as a stock especially on a
great company goes up and down I can
wait for it to come down into price
levels that I'm willing to buy now being
prepared with the right information that
tells me hey this is a good price to buy
it at this is where it's discounted that
is where I have to do my homework do my
analysis and I'll share that analysis
with you in a few minutes more about
Apple this is a very large company with
revenues above $380 billion just
humongous incredible their net income
alone is over hundred billion doar if
you look at
2023 their forward PE is
26.68% uh as a dividend rate a lot of
analysts as you would expect cover apple
and they have a buy rating they say the
stock is discounted by about
%. overall this company their revenues
really grew coming out of the pandemic
they grew really nicely especially their
services but they hit a a wall on growth
in 2023 the revenues actually went down
by a three 3% and they're beginning to
really flatten out so Revenue growth is
just not expected out of apple they
don't have a big launch of a new product
that's really going to just be a
catapult to Growing the company so
that's one reality with apple they do
have opportunities for growth around AI
if they can put AI in the hands of
people by putting it into the iPhone I
think that has a lot of uh a lot of
upside but other than that I can't think
of any big big causal factors that are
going to really push the Apple Revenue
higher it's already super high their
balance sheet is where they're super
impressive if you look at their cash and
you look at um Investments both on the
shortterm and long-term Investments they
have a huge amount of cash and
marketable Investments well over a
hundred billion dollars and I'm going to
use that along with free cash flows to
Value the company they don't have more
debt than they do cash in marketable
Securities their debt is well below
their net cash in marketable security so
I consider their balance sheet really
being debt free because they can pay off
all debt if they wanted to their free
cash flows are incredible if you look at
the trailing 12 months their free cash
flow is a little over a hundred billion
dollar and I'm going to use that in my
valuation model that uses free cash
flows in addition to free cash flows I'm
going to look at earnings per share the
company is very well covered by 29 plus
analyst and their earnings per share are
expected to be
$668 per share it's expected those
earnings per share are going to grow
nicely by 9% in 24 9% in 25 8% in 26 and
even better in 27 so overall the
earnings per share is really solid with
the company that's another uh measure
that I look at to Value the company I'm
going to Value Apple using their free
cash flows and also using their earnings
per share to get started with free cash
flows I'm going to start with their
trailing 12 months of free cash flow and
increase it by 4% which is the growth
rate I expect from the company in the
first four years they're going to grow
the cash flows by 4% I also expect the
same growth rate in the future for
terminal value so across the board it's
going to grow 4% when I look at all
those free cash flows and discount those
cash flows by
7.5% as a discount rate I get the value
of all those free cash flows of 2.8
trillion the cash and marketable
securities on the balance sheet amount
to $162
billion and the total debt amounts to
$102 billion so the net Equity value
when I add the cash and marketable
securities and I takeway debt is $2.9
trillion and the current market cap is $
2.86 trillion so there's a small
discount of 2% on the stock 2% so close
to zero I'd rather just say that it's
fairly priced at the current stock price
earnings per share it's expected they're
going to do $668 in their current year
I'm going to use a PE at 25 just because
they're not growing it's a great company
but they're not growing so I'm going to
go with 25 versus the forward PE that
you're seeing on most of theat forms for
information and I'm going to grow that
earnings per share by 8% it gives me
about $180 stock price but the current
stock price is 186 so using the earnings
per share actually shows that the stock
is being priced at a premium of 3% that
said when I blend the two putting more
weight on the free cash flow method I
get a 0% no premium no discount now it's
always okay to pay a reasonable price on
a great company but Apple has seen a a
lot of down days and a lot of uh
downward pressure at times and I do
believe the stock market is currently
priced very high so I'm going to use
those details as I make my decision
whether I should buy hold or sell Apple
stock looking at the balance sheet the
Deb to e. ratio looks great frankly
because they have a net zero debt they
have more cash and marketable securities
than debt itself so really you're at
zero well below the three that I'm
looking for when I compare debt to iida
they have a small dividend it's 0.5%
which is interesting well I'm going to
look at the three areas that I really
want to make sure I'm bought into first
is the company do I like the company
their products do I think the company is
a leader in their space and their
industry and do I like their management
team overall Apple's a great company I
really like all the above the only
concern I have is the lack of growth and
I think a problem they have is they're
so big it's very hard to grow when
you're so big so hopefully they find
ways to continue to expand the value
that they have because they're so
entrenched in so many users um through
their iPhone but we'll see how that goes
they are doing a massive stock buyback
which is interesting and they're going
to remove shares from the marketplace
that's a good idea so it could really
have the stock price really rise not
have the stock go down too much next is
balance sheet the balance sheet for
apple is excellent as mentioned they
really have Net Zero debt their credit
rating when we look at a bond issued out
by Apple is as good as it gets so very
good balance sheet I'm complet
comfortable with their balance sheet now
the discount there is no discount on
Apple and that is an area that causes me
to pause I would like to see a downturn
in the stock before I buy more shares
maybe if we could see a correction in
the market and a downward correction if
we see that the Apple stock drop five
maybe 10% I'd be a buyer at those price
levels and not too long ago I did buy
shares using that philosophy and I'm up
9% on the stock it's a eight 7 ,500
investment my investment is now worth
$88,000 giving me a 9% yield on a stock
that I bought less than three months ago
so overall I'm glad that I I follow
these principles of value investing and
wait for a great company to be priced at
the level that I want to invest in then
take advantage of it I'll be doing the
same going forward on Apple waiting for
the stock price to be priced at a level
that I'm willing to invest in thank you
for watching the video I hope you found
it interesting
good luck investing in 2024
