welcome back everybody to The Daily Show
where we discuss and do technical
analysis on big mega cab stocks so
before we get started please smash that
like button and 100 plus likes on this
video would be greatly appreciated guys
and if you're new here consider
subscribing now if you want to support
the channel and get my daily trade ideas
my suing trade ideas live trading and
all kinds of setups definitely check out
their link Down Below in the description
for patreon and now let's get right into
it
guys on Tesla stocket up 1 and a half%
and Tesla getting up to 180 and getting
a rejection and now at least trading
above all these moving averages right
here also holding above 13 SMA 1 76.5
one trading at 177.2600
for next week and early as tomorrow
morning Monday session as long as Tesla
can stay above I would say 176 to 173
right here Rising 20 SMA you're going to
see a quick trip all the way up to 183
and that is where Tesla needs to break
out now if you look at my screen we also
have this inverted Head and Shoulder
here on Tesla left shoulder head and the
right shoulder and if this is where to
play out you're going to see a big move
here on Tesla possibly above 200 easily
so watch out going into tomorrow's
session guys your L the end the first
one 176.50 one below that we also have
supported 173 Rising 20day moving
average and that is going to be a strong
level and then 170 50 SMA and then we
can talk about more downside on Tesla as
long as Tesla can stay above all these
moving averages right here 50 20 30 13
and 5 you're going to see another big
move on Tesla back up to 183 and soon as
we get that breakout over 183 and Tesla
can hold 183 as a support then next stop
easily 200 on
Tesla on Google stuck it up 1% so Google
closing at a fresh new all-time high and
just like I said before that Google is
about to hit another all-time high or
possibly will at least retest previous
all-time highs right here just above 176
and can see clearly on Friday definitely
getting up to a fresh new all-time high
177.50 and pretty much closing at
alltime highs now if Google actually
gets a pullback well there will be
support at 176 below that
173.04 Rising 5day moving average and
then down here 172 to 170 to even
168.577778 have a strong bull trend on
Google stock and this thing can continue
even higher as long as Google can
actually stay above Rising 5day moving
average which is sitting really close to
174 the next stop here on Google stock
180 and that's going to be another fresh
new all-time high here on Google stock
so watch out Google on the move and this
thing can move even
higher on Amazon stock it's up 0.58% so
Amazon again getting down to 183 and if
you look at my screen 20 SM actually
sitting at
183.0 and pretty much touching that
level and then going back up to 185 plus
and now trading in between 20 SMA and 5
SMA on top which is sitting at 185 to
186 so here on Amazon guys it's actually
a tricky situation on Amazon also if you
look at my screen I mean we might be
wedging or flagging uh whatever you want
to call it right here so Amazon here
definitely looking good for a move to
the upside come
on okay here you go so Amazon if you
look at my
screen so this is what's Happening Here
on Amazon it's kind of wedging or
flagging whatever you want to call it as
long as Amazon can stay above 183
definitely it's looking bullish for a
breakout over 185 to 186 if that happens
Amazon going back up to 190 again and
this time possibly finally a breakout
over 190 and that should take Amazon up
to even close to 200 at some point now
also we do have double top in play now
we got no confirmation of a double top
but def Ely this can play out if Amazon
actually breaks under 183 and trades
under 183 this white line 20-day moving
average that is when this double top can
actually come into play and you're going
to see a lot more downside down to 181
to 180 right here 50 SMA and just below
that we have this massive Gap
185 to 186 and if that happens well then
more upside at least going back up to
190 again and Below 186 185 right here
these two moving averages strong level
of support here will be 20 SMA 183 and
below that 1801 to 180 50 SMA and that
support gives up you're going to see
Amazon pulling back even hard and
closing this Gap
top on Amazon not right
now on apple stack it's absolutely flat
on the day and apple got up to almost
191 and again for the second day Apple
now trading below 190 so early as Monday
morning Apple needs to get over 190 and
needs to hold 190 and soon as that
happens Apple can easily go up to 195 to
196 and why look at this Ballinger band
expanded up to almost 196 so that move
is possible above 190 on Apple now to
the downside below 190 there is support
here on Apple Rising 5day moving average
188.000 and soon as that gives up you're
going to see a dump off possibly down to
185 183 and then 180 and then we can
talk about this gap down here on Apple
not right now with that strong bull
Trend here on Apple stock on this daily
time frame on Microsoft it's down 0.19%
so nothing big kind of a flat day on
Microsoft but look at the pullback down
to 5 day moving average right here 418
low for the day 418 on Friday and then
going back up and hold so holding above
420 so going into Monday's session 420
you're line the send below that 415 433
all the way down to 48.4 Five and Below
this white line 20-day moving average
you're going to see a bigger dump off
all the way down to this gap which is
just under 400 now as long as Microsoft
can stay above 420 that is still bullish
and you're going to see Microsoft going
back up up to 426 and then previous
alltime highs 430 and possibly breaking
over that all-time high and going even
higher on meta it's down 0.28% of meta
here couple things I want to talk about
here on meta guys first of all yes we
are getting a pullback but this thing
going right back up and holding over 470
and not even getting down to 463.3339
20-day moving average right here so that
is looking bullish also if you are
actually a bull here on MAA and you
think about that you know MAA can go up
another 10 15 bucks to close this gap on
top well in some cases and we talked
about it before where things can go
really close to the Gap and then you'll
see a pullback down to this Gap and
trapping lot of bulls right here on top
So Meta to the point where this thing is
really tricky to trade and why because
we already saw that playing out not
completely but it was really close up to
this Gap what was it 481 and then we saw
the pullback all the way down to right
here guys on Friday
468 so now question here on MAA if this
thing can hold over 470 well there is
more chances of meta going back up and
closing this Gap at least in the short
term just under 485 and possibly been
retesting for 90 resistant on top now if
this thing breaks down and takes out 470
and then comes down and takes out 20day
moving average right here which is
sitting close to 464 in that case this
is it and this thing can pull back
really hard down to 452 under 464 and
then possibly at some point you'll come
down and close this Gap instead of going
up and closing this Gap because last
time it was really close to this Gap and
I said we might be coming down here and
I was actually ready to buy the dip and
guess what we get here on meta from 415
414 this thing went back up and now we
got really close to this Gap 481 and
some change and now you're coming down
so it's really tricky to trade meta at
this point but I think very soon you're
going to find out an answer whether this
thing will go up and close this Gap or
we get a pull back from here and come
all the way down here to close this gap
down here at
400 on AMD it's up 1 .4% so AMD I
actually got some puts on Friday again
it was same day expiration and the move
was so quick you know I regret not
sharing my trade with my patreon group
because it was so quick it was only like
few seconds and profit was there over
200% because soon as this thing got up
to 169 I actually got 165 puts and
immediately guys if you go back and look
at 5 Minute chart this thing exploded
came all the way down to 162 I got in at
169 explosion here on my puts and then
sold out for a nice 200 plus% of profit
and now it's trading at
164.512 back two days shorting right
here on top and making money now am I
going to short tomorrow absolutely not
you know I'm not looking to play this
stock anytime soon right now looks like
we might be getting that breakout and we
do have earnings from Nvidia on
Wednesday so that's going to be a big
Catalyst to move this stock as well and
that is why I'm not going to play this
stock this week because I can actually
you know get caught up in uh holding
some position in between invidious
earnings and this thing can actually
come down or go up a ton so I don't want
to short it I don't want to buy that dip
and let's just get over with this
earnings and then we can play Nvidia or
AMD right after earnings if you want to
play something cheap well AMD right here
you can also play mu um anything on
anything is cheaper than Nvidia so it
depends how much money you want to spend
but I think AMD is a better option right
after earnings from Nvidia we can play
this now for tomorrow's session while
you can see we actually gapped up two
times and we left two gaps open here and
we did close two gaps on top when we
still have one more on top 188 so it can
come up here or we could see pull back
at least down to I would say 160 so now
it's over 164 we did close over 164
tomorrow if there is a pullback down to
160 well even though I don't want to
this will be a buying opportunity if you
want to trade AMD tomorrow 160 160 gives
up then watch out for 158 154 this gap
down here that is going to be also a
strong level to buy that dip on AMD now
to the upside as long as AMD can stay
above 164 the next stop to break 50 SMA
168 and soon as we get that breakout
over 168 this thing can easily go up to
184 and possibly up to this Gap
188 on Nvidia stock is down 2% so the
massive the biggest earnings that is
coming this week on Wednesday at least I
would say Nas de 100 that's going to be
a market moving event this week now in
various back well you see pullback on
Friday and if this pullback actually
continues tomorrow's session and maybe
into even Tuesday well then you know
there is highly chances of going up
right after earnings so things are just
pulling back before earnings now we Gap
up tomorrow and this thing runs and runs
again on Tuesday you know I mean it's
really hard to predict something like
Nvidia and especially with earnings
because expectation is really high the
CEO just saying good things about the
company and just everything is so good
and so much better that nobody can catch
up to Nvidia and now expectation is so
high if there's something they're
missing well the stock can drop easily
100 150 bucks and not to mention if the
earnings are bad and they're not beating
on earnings well things can actually
turn into a disaster now we all know
that just like Elon Musk used to pump
Tesla before this guy can do it even
better you know know the companies uh
bringing in a lot of Revenue lots of
orders coming in and people are just
buying Nidia companies are just ordering
Invidia right Nvidia chips Nvidia AI all
kinds of Nvidia crap they're buying well
I don't think you saw the paperwork and
I don't think I saw the paperwork and
that is just you're telling us what's
happening because definitely well at
least in my book 20 plus years of
experience you know I don't see the
value that Nvidia should be trading at
1,000 well 500 was good enough maybe
even 6 700 but that is just way too much
this thing is overhyped and overpriced
and it needs to come down and then we
can buy definitely a good company you
know I'm not saying Nvidia is a bad
company I don't like it but the price of
the stock is way too high for us to buy
and whole long term now a lot of retail
Traders investors well we still trade
right well it just one of those things
where things can push higher and people
get into foro and they just buy into
more buying buy into more buying and
things are just pushing Higher and
Higher and for an example this is what
happened before with Tesla in you know
from what uh
2300 what we got here now guys we can
barely get you know a 10% move to the
upside and if we get one immediately
there is a 5% pullback right so inidia I
think next 15 months to maybe even two
to and a half years can suffer the same
fate just like Tesla even we saw with
Google getting a big correction back in
2022 Amazon also getting a correction
this one did but Amazon and Google went
up in a healthy way where in this case
we just Gap up and go massive Gap UPS I
mean 100 150 you name it and this thing
was gapping up and going so this thing
is above and beyond now I could be wrong
you know maybe the earnings are actually
real and it's actually true and you know
things can go up and that is why
predicting Nvidia is almost impossible
so going into the earnings
guys watch out if the earnings are good
and the CEO can come out with some you
know really good expectation and he can
actually meet with that expectation from
Wall Street you're going to see a
massive pump in that case well guess
what Market will Gap up just like we saw
before now going into Monday session key
level to watch on Nvidia stock we need
to get over
926 if that happens inia running back up
to 960 below 926 now there will be
support right down here and that's going
to be around 900 to 898 down to even
8.89 and then this Gap
862 so the math and the levels are
simple on Nidia stock but if this thing
breaks out over 960 that is when it's
gone the next stop previous all-time
highs 974 and then easily can go up to
1,000 and if they beat earnings like I
said you're going to see a massive Gap
up and also the expectation is so high
if they miss anything you're going to
see a gap down but I'm not making any
prediction on Invidia stock one thing I
can say and that is coming out from my
experience that you know there is so
many earnings on Nvidia at least last
few earnings this thing
were just gapping up and going so this
earnings you know we might see a
different route where this thing can
actually gap down and that is just my
guess I'm not predicting that and I
think that can happen because um Apple
they were just missing earnings before
and I said with this earnings Apple can
actually go up even if they miss they
will come out with something and guess
what they came out with BuyBacks right
and the stock is still pumping and it
can go up even more so in this case the
pump pumping is probably done at some
point or at least it's done right now
and now there might be a decent pullback
and I could like I said I could be
completely wrong on Nvidia so watch out
for that guys going into
Wednesday on Netflix is up 1.73% so the
consolidation staying here inside this
flag and not able to break out over 626
so are we going to see another leg
higher on Netflix well it's possible
from Friday we had some Catalyst and
this thing was pumping and definitely
trading above all these moving averages
right here so the next stop 626 630 and
then possibly been 639 right here
Ballinger B on top expended up to 639
now to the downside if this thing stays
under 626 and takes out right here 615
then the next stop down here 604 to 605
and if that's out you're going to see a
drop all the way down to 588 and that's
all I have for you guys in this video
thank you so much for watching and I'll
definitely keep you guys updated going
into Monday's session
