some stock picks and how to
trade the big tech names with
Dan Niles back with us, founder
and portfolio manager at Niles
Investment Management. All right
Dan welcome back to the show.
Thanks for being here. My
pleasure. Oliver. Hey, first
time we've spoken with the new
gig. Tell me about what you're
doing. Just kind of give me the
rundown on your approach.
Anything change from the style
that you used to run the Satori
Fund, no. It's just, started my
own firm on April 1st, and just
I. I invest the same way.
There's no difference from the
last 20 years of doing my job.
All right, there we go,
congrats. Tell me about the plan
here for the big tech trades.
Dan, is you've been going back
and forth between liking some,
having preferences for others.
Last time you told us that you
were looking for alphabet to
firm up, catch up, now I think
you've got a pretty interesting
approach to Apple, so I thought
we'd start there. Tell me what
you see when you look at Tim
Cook and his AI connections
right now. Well, I think with
Apple, there's the short term
and there's the long term. On
the short term basis, everyone
desperately wants to believe
that when Apple puts AI on their
smartphones, that you're going
to get this big upgrade cycle.
And so reality really has
nothing to do with stock prices
in the short term. And so Apple
has a June 10th Worldwide
Developers Conference coming.
And at that they should talk
about their AI strategy. And you
know every I'm sure 75% of your
viewers have an iPhone sitting
in their pocket. And so people
just they're not necessarily
focused on valuations. They're
not focused on fundamentals.
They just go, oh, I have an
iPhone. They're going to put AI
on it. That's going to be really
exciting. And Apple has a very
strong tendency before big
product launches for the stock
to outperform in the month.
Leading up to that. And then you
get into the reality of is it
actually selling? And you can
think of the Vision Pro as an
example of that, where the stock
went up about 9% in the month
prior to that, even though you
look most rational people, I
think they looked at the product
go how well is a $3,500 thing
going to sell? It still didn't
stop the stock from going up 9%
in a month before that. So with
AI, it's real. You know, you've
been talking about it, I'm sure,
on your show constantly that's
going to end up on the iPhones
at some point, coming up. And so
I think you're going to have a
big move into that, but then
it's going to be the rubber
meets the road of they still are
going to have the competition
problems they're having in China
. With the resurgence of Huawei,
the valuation in the high 20s is
still very expensive for no
growth, which you have seen at
this company over the last three
years, and Sub-par growth over
the last five years. And at a
high valuation. And so that's
the longer term issue I have
with Apple. But, you know, maybe
I'm wrong. Maybe there is a big
upgrade cycle. But in the near
term it doesn't matter because
it's a name that I like at least
through that June 10th event.
Okay. So a little short term bid
that you think is likely, kind
of product specific and event
specific catalyst, whereas, I
mean, the long term carnac's
case, I mean, it's shrinking. It
has been for some time, so it
certainly stands out in that
negative way compared to its
peers. Right? I mean, no,
absolutely. They're not growing
anymore. I mean, yeah, I mean,
if you think about it, the last
one year, the revenues are down
4. The rest of the Magnificent
Seven revenues are up 42,
including Apple. If you look at
it over three years, the
revenues are up 1. And the rest
of the Mag seven are up 80 or
sorry, all of the Mag seven are
up 86. And if you say, well,
that's still too short term, you
say five years, they're up 56%
over five years. The revenues
from the March quarter from five
years ago to today, the next
worst is Microsoft up 102 and
the average is 275. Even if you
take Nvidia out, the average is
still 155, which is triple what
Apple did over five years. Wow.
So there's no way you can think
of this stock over one, three,
five years as a growth tech
company. The best you can do is
Adorables. It's a staple kind of
thing. But do you want to give
something a high 20 PE when the
market's at 22 times and quite
honestly, you can buy growth
tech stocks like a meta like a
Google, you know, at much lower
valuations that are growing and
you can buy growthy names at
actually pretty reasonable
valuations when you growth
adjust them like a Microsoft or
an Amazon where Amazon, you're
going to get double the EPs
growth over the next two years.
So that's why there's the short
term, which is all sentiment
driven for any stock. And
obviously you've talked about
GameStop and your, you know,
your prior segment and then
there's the longer term, which
is fundamentals because GameStop
might have gotten to whatever
450 during the peak in 2021 and
obviously came down off of that.
But it just takes some time. But
in the short term, you know,
anything can happen and will
happen in the stock market. And
so Apple I think is a good short
term play on that. All right,
sure. Seems like, we are kind of
opening the door for these, big
events to occur if we do start
seeing the kind of frothy meme
trade, translate into a new high
for stocks. Dan, where do you
think you can get bang for the
buck? Is it still in the longer
term? Tech trades that you like?
Or if we come back to highs
without some inflation scare
that we were worried about last
month, does that kind of put
some of the riskier stuff back
into play? What would be the way
to trade basically a fresh
breakout in the market? You
know, I think it really comes
down to individual's risk
tolerance. Right And how much
risk are you willing to take for
reward for me, I'm pretty
conservative. And so the stocks
I typically mention that I like
are ones with good cash flow,
good profitability, good growth
prospects, good durability,
whether there's a recession or
not, if you want to get
aggressive, then you buy these
so-called innovation stocks that
did great in 2021 and that have
come down 70% since then. Yeah.
And so I think or you buy a meme
stock or, you know, whatever
speculative thing you have going
on because I always say there's
no there's no problem investing
in a bubble. You just have to
know you're in one and not
delude yourself into thinking
there's something more than
that. So for me, I like to think
of things longer term and with
some defensiveness built in.
Right now, the market's ignoring
all the bad news. It's ignoring
PPI coming in hotter. It's
ignoring all the higher than
expected inflation prints. It's
ignoring the fact that growth is
maybe a little bit slower. And
that can go on for who knows how
long. But eventually
fundamentals matter. And so for
me the stronger names, the
Nvidia's where it's growing 100%
and you're buying it at a 40 PE,
a meta where you're buying it at
a 23 PE for high teens revenue
growth, benefiting from AI, you
know, a Microsoft where clearly
they've got an inside track with
their relationship with ChatGPT
and OpenAI. You know, that's
another interesting one. And so
you look at all of those
together. And that's where if
you're thinking more longer term
I think is interesting. And the
names that have got competitive
threats against them, like a
Tesla, like a Google, those are
that's where you need to be a
little bit, you know, an Apple.
That's where you need to be a
little bit more circumspect. And
things can always change. But
that's how I think about it.
Hey, Dan, just real quick, to
follow up on alphabet, because
last time you said that's the
one you wanted to get excited
about the most, seems like
you're still on the fence for
that. For alphabet. Yeah. No, I
mean, I think with that one, I
think you're seeing it today
where they're having their big
AI event today. Stocks not doing
much. I think you've heard. And
we'll see what happens that
Apple is leaning towards OpenAI,
for their, generative AI
experience on their iPhones.
We'll see if that happens. Maybe
they will go back to Google, but
I think it shows you there's
some other competitors in there
and so I think you need to be
careful with that. Now, with
Google from a much shorter term
perspective, regardless of
whether we get a recession or
inflation scares or any of that,
you know, we're getting a
presidential election. You know,
we're getting the Olympics and
so much like that's a big thesis
for me behind liking meta, that
will help Google offset some of
these other things that they're
losing share in search in the
short term because of the
spending on the election and the
Olympics and then I think it's
more of a next year where this
stuff really starts to take
hold. But you can watch the
stock and the market share data
that we get to get some ideas
around that all right. Like the
way you really pinpoint what
each of these has going for them
and what they don't because they
all really do have nuanced
cases. But in some there are
better ways to overlap the
positives into one stock than
having to, you know, trade it
off. So I like those details.
Dan, thanks a lot. I always like
talking the big tech trades with
you. I appreciate you being
here. Thanks
