now while apple is the second most
valuable company in the world recent
performance has been somewhat
uninspiring it Shares are up just over
2% year to date while the NASDAQ is up
nearly 11% so should you consider adding
Apple to your portfolio or topping up
your position in this video we're going
to look deeper at what is currently the
second worst performing stock of The
Magnificent 7 now at the start of 2024
Barkley's warned Apple was facing a
continued period of we results thanks to
softening demand they saw no features or
upgrades likely to make the iPhone 16
more compelling than the iPhone 15 this
report preceded a nearly 4% drop in the
share price on the day another report by
TF International Securities predicts
iPhone shipment will be reduced by 15%
year on-ear after Apple reduced its
supply of semiconductor components for
2024 you see Apple's market value
reached $3 trillion last year and
investors believed that consumers would
keep buying iPhones well in a recent Q2
update Apple announced iPhone sales
decreased 10% in the second quarter
compared to last year this was the
biggest drop in iPhone sales since the
early months of the covid pandemic which
was of course much due to covid factory
closures across the board Apple revenues
fell 4% and despite not being as bad as
investors and journalists expected they
are asking where is the next growth
opportunity for Apple having already
abandoned its TS to build a self-drive
electric car and developing a VR headset
unaffordable for the masses Apple also
revealed a 177% drop in iPad revenues in
q224 and just days after announced what
it called the biggest day for iPad since
its launch it's installed the iPad Pro
with a powerful chip capable of
utilizing AI technology but it remains
to be seeing whether customers are
willing to pay for the product and Apple
has already faced criticism for an
advert used to launch the product many
are saying it's further Evidence Apple
has lost touch with its consumers
however Apple did announce a share buy
back worth $110 billion that's the most
ever for a public company and of course
the more stock apples buys back the more
its remaining outstanding shares will be
worth apple also revealed a gross margin
that had expanded to
46.6% much thanks to a highly profitable
and growing Services business both of
the helped Apple stock rise more than 6%
after the market closed and CNBC
reported that as long as Apple continues
to buy back shares and keep its margins
High investors will keep looking at the
positives rather than the negatives now
a big topic of discussion revolving
apple is its attempts to become the
dominant phone supplier in China which
is Apple's thirdd largest region by
Revenue however revenues in this region
have gone down year onye in the last 5
out of six quarters
and this is due to a number of reasons
mainly that with increasing tensions
between the US and China consumers
increasingly prefer domestic Brands such
as Huawei Oppo and Vivo and last year
the Chinese government also ordered
State officials to stop using
non-chinese phones for work and in April
the IDC revealed Apple had lost its
Crown as China's biggest smartphone
seller in the first quarter of 2024
honor market share Rose to 17.1% and WS
to 17 % meanwhile Apple's market share
fell to
15.6% putting it in third place now as
you would expect Apple did respond to
this they responded to it by cutting
prices around the start of 2024 which
does appear to be working the China
iPhone shipments jumped around 12% in
March it does remain to be seen however
whether Apple can continue to keep up
with the impressive growth of domestic
phone Mar makers in the region and
continue growing among a consumer base
which is heavily influenced by state
policies and geopolitics now another
issue is that Apple faces the
significant threat of multiple
litigations which could impact its
revenues so first we have the US
Department of Justice filed a case
against Apple for violating antitrust
laws it's accused Apple of using its
iPhone ecosystem to build a monopoly the
law Su point to the anti-competitive
nature of the Apple watch which is
Reliant mostly on the iPhone and also
references carplay as a new way for
Apple to harm consumers and competitors
what does this mean well if the
government wins its case it could force
Apple to overhaul its contracts and
practices it could even lead to a
breakup of the company but it's unclear
yet how much this could impact Apple's
revenues and of course any changes would
take multiple years to implement however
shares in apple fell more than 4%
following the accusations so this is
definitely something to consider when
buying this stock another is that Google
is being investigated for its Monopoly
on internet search now you might not
know this but Google pays Apple an
estimated $20 billion every year for
making Google the default search engine
on Apple devices that's over 20% of
Apple's revenues in its services
category and in 2020 were 17.5% of
Apple's operating income so this is a
significant amount of Revenue that may
actually be forbid hidden in the future
finally apple is also involved in an
ongoing patent dispute over the Apple
watch and you may know the sale of which
is currently banned in the US the ITC
ruled Apple had violated paintings from
medical device maker mimo and
considering that Apple sold nearly 27
million watches in the first 9 months of
2023 a band will likely impact sales
results but also impact Apple's
reputation it's never a good luck to to
be breaching paintting and all of these
issues discussed should be monitored
closely if you are thinking of investing
in Apple stock NOW next Apple has been
accused of being behind the game when it
comes to utilizing AI technology in its
products but after abandoning its EV
project it has begun to shift its
resources and priorities to AI while
behind on these efforts Apple has nearly
$65 billion in cash on its book so it's
got money to fund AI Ventures but
despite having the money components are
expensive and hard to come by and apple
will face plenty of competition for
chips with its big te peers who have
already been outspending the company you
see while Apple has outlaid $30 billion
in R&D which is the fifth highest in the
S&P 500 this represents less than 8% of
Ann Apple's annual revenues compared to
alphabet and meta who are averaging more
than 177% Apple is already showing
positive signs Apple recently closed an
agreement with open AI to use chat GPT
technology in iOS and apple also
announced that new iPad Pros included an
updated M4 chip that were outrageously
powerful for AI and Apple has also been
recruiting for AI it's poached dozens of
AI experts from Google and interestingly
has also created a secretive laboratory
in zoric which will be focused on
developing AI products and models so for
Apple fitting AI technology into its
products that makes life easier for its
users could be the trick to stimulating
future demand for iPhones and iPads So
after talking about all of these things
is Apple a buy well the issues we've
discussed have kept Apple stock at
attractive price point its forward p
ratio and price to- free cash flow are
significantly lower than the likes of
Microsoft and Amazon and Apple has also
significant funds to invest heavily in
its development of AI technology VR
wearables and enter new markets having
said that I'm looking at the stagnation
in sales growth and waiting until
September to see what new products are
launched and also a progress update on
AI I'm also tracking new figures on
iPhone sales in China and anticipating
share drops on the back of further
rulings around some of those antitrust
regulation lawsuits that we spoke about
of course you know apple is a well-run
company with lots of cash and a
resilient ecosystem but I just don't see
enough right now to justify labeling
this as a buy you know this is still a
more defensive play and there are better
companies to invest in for growth this
year so thanks for watching the video
like subscribe and stick around for the
next one
