hello odd
investors you didn't expect that did
you well I think that the Magnificent
tool is shaping up really nicely right
in front of our eyes and that is Neo and
Tesla I know some of you may not like
the idea of Tesla at this time at least
uh I do I do I'm just telling you what I
think and you can come back to this
video next year and say Hey you know you
see you were all wrong and I could be
wrong of course we could all be wrong
but we we do assessment of the situation
based on on what we have and I really
think that Neo and Tesla are two
magnificent companies you hear about
this magn Magnificent Seven actually
today uh one of the hedge fund or one of
the financial institutions bought all
magnificent sevens except Tesla the
Magnificent x minus Tesla and I tell you
next year or later on this year you will
see that uh that Tesla is the only
magnificent company in North America the
only one next year you'll see that this
is what I believe anyways okay maybe
maybe I dream too much
maybe um that said uh nothing comes
easy uh it's not easy to hold on to This
Magnificent company as you know in the
past I had great I had stocks in great
companies such as Netflix Netflix uh
some 12 13 years ago now I can't
remember about 13 years ago uh I had net
I had thousand shares of Netflix that's
before the split and whatever you know I
mean so I did the math one time and I I
would have been in over $3 million today
if I just held on to that alone and of
of course I did not and of course I even
made
tremendous uh errors in investing in
gold and investing in gaming and
investing in things that were hyped and
and got involved too much in this uh
Rambo Macho style that was horrible to
to uh to have I just did not understand
this whole
process one of the great things to to do
is to learn from lesson
Lessons Learned is a great thing to have
and sometimes you might feel it's kind
of like too late it's never too late we
always learn lessons I mean just look at
um Warren Buffett's comments you know
when he when he talked about the
investment in Paramount what did he say
well he said he learned lesson uh he
learned how people invest or spend their
time uh and their their Leisure Time you
know even though he lost cost tremendous
amount of money in
Paramount and it's amazing to see that
that people at his age to learn you
never learn the last second of your life
you learn and that's that's that's it's
a beauty to see you know anyways so it
is not easy it's not easy do you think
those who invested in Netflix had a a
great time easy fun time no of course
not at one time Netflix came down by
something like
80% and I'm sure I mentioned something
like this in the past uh and uh guys of
course sold or investors sold and ended
up losing you know a lot of money
actually at the time I remember Carl
isan you guys probably know him he
suggested to have to invest uh big money
in Netflix and uh have one of his
directors and take of course Big Stake
and one of and and have one of his
directors in the company to basically
make some changes he does that he invest
in troubled companies by having a big
stake and and having one of or two of
his directors involved in the company
and Netflix of course said no that's
what Netflix did and so Netflix said
you're welcome to be an investor but no
you're not doing any of that
and that was a great decision actually
by Netflix do you think it was easy to
invest in Tesla a lot of people talk
about Tesla now and a lot of them
actually you see a lot of YouTubers but
I invested in Tesla some what was it
also same thing 12 13 years ago uh not
easy not easy it was so painful actually
same painful so painful the the the
problem with Tesla is it's a it was a
concept uh that was supposed to become
reality
you know you have these EVS that are
expensive you don't have we did not have
infrastructure uh it was it was actually
difficult and how do you treat that as
being comparable to Ford and GM and it's
a long story that you guys know probably
know more than I do but like I said it
was painful to invest in
Tesla you think it was easy to invest in
Apple no apple was almost
bankrupt back in the late 90s thanks to
to to
Microsoft Microsoft saved
Apple Amazon same thing Amazon came down
crashing by as much as as like what 95
98% at one
point all these companies they went
through tremendous pressure at one point
that almost went under and somehow they
survived Neo Neo had the same thing
remember 200 19 NE had no cash nothing
it was basically literally bankrupt it
was only1 billion dollars that that
saved new and then when when the stock
went up new start diluting shares and
everyone talking about this dilution and
whatever NE the problem with NE is is
that NE had this magnificent model but
they didn't have the Magnificent
cash that was the problem for
Neo but in any case not easy to invest
in uh uh in in in a magnificent company
very painful and you have to have this
super strong conviction that you are
right even with the 90% off and 95% off
whatever you have to have this
conviction that I am fine I know what
I'm
doing
so
Neo having a phone actually NE Neo is
doing something interesting with the
phone requires a a different video
new uh um sub brand
phone uh chip autonomous chip but I tell
you one key thing that actually is
shaping up for new and why it really
triggered this
video what I see lately the last 3 four
weeks is that new uh news demand the the
demand for news premium vehicle is
actually shaped up
beautifully especially knowing that uh
there's a sub brand coming up you
everyone knows hey there's a sub brand
what do you do you wait for the sub
brand it's a lot cheaper but customers
saying no we're actually like the Neo
brand
itself and so they are they you can see
you can see the deliveries jacking up
you know increasing and that is a great
thing to have because to me it tells me
that Neo is not relying on the sub brand
actually the sub brand will become as a
nice addition as an
enhancement okay even though it will be
play a huge role and and and I intend to
make a video on that but the point is
that uh there is this beautiful thing to
see from new's organic demand this this
word of mouth is starting to come to
fruition it is beautiful to see really
think about it Neo doesn't do much
advertisement at all is probably worse
than Tesla by far I mean Tesla has Elon
Musk who's who's you know really super
social Neo doesn't have any of that and
yet you see this genuine demand
beautiful to see okay so that's what it
is and of course the sub brand and of
course so many other things that we you
know we know about Neo Neo the only
issue we have I personally have with Neo
is that it is Chinese
period of course I may I should mention
the battery swap and the you know and
the charging Network and and and
franchising the battery swap and making
money not only on new vehicles but also
on everyone else's Vehicles Neo there is
no model in the world in the universe
like Neo these days this is the company
I've been waiting for this is the
company I've been searching for this is
the nflix this is the next apple this is
the next Amazon some people think hey
you can't compare Neo to Amazon yes you
can you can compare Neo to anybody
actually you will see later on that Neo
it would be nice to comp compare anyone
to Neo Neo is this unique beautiful
model that is is
unshakable especially having now the
money so so yeah uh hold on it's not
easy you think it's easy to hold on
after 10% drop yesterday it's not easy
that's why you need the conviction you
need to really trust what you're doing
that that it is it is the right company
to hey don't be afraid don't worry about
These Guys these guys play games do you
think you think I would sell if Neo goes
up 100% tomorrow 100% of course not not
interested in that this is the other
thing is you as an investor if you
really believe in what you're doing you
wouldn't be you wouldn't be affected by
uh the the volatility in the price
because actually the volatility in the
price and you getting involved in that
plays in the hands of
shorts anyways that's why Neo is so
unique Neo is so unique okay
Tesla the strength for Tesla is North
America and Europe that's Tesla that's
why Tesla is is unique the others
strength is that Tesla is the only
company that benefited the most from the
Chinese uh uh you know the EV Revolution
and the Chinese price War the Tesla paid
dearly for that as I said in in previous
video but there are two key factors that
actually is shaping up for Tesla one of
them is Apple's cancellation of the
Titan
project that removes Apple's threat to
Tesla
and the other one is uh hello and the
other one is the uh uh the high tariffs
uh imposed by Biden on the on on Chinese
AVS that actually made uh you know the
the huge room for Tesla to do whatever
you want in North America in and in in
Europe as well because Europe I think
will follow uh in the same Trail as as
Us by imposing higher
tariffs
so the big beneficiary of the tariffs
the big
beneficiary of the of the uh uh of
Apple's with with withdrawal is or
cancellation of the project is none
other than Tesla and the other beautiful
thing is that Tesla learned its lessons
Tesla lost market share and this is this
is why you have to sometimes wonder are
you are we in the right uh stock at the
right time maybe sometimes you might
think well it's kind of questionable you
know right time you know the deliveries
are not so great uh Tesla is struggling
maybe FSD you have uh investigation
probing
this this is just these are details
these are details you know take a step
back and take a look at take a look at
the whole picture and you would see that
Tesla is the ultimate winner in in in
North America there's no other one that
would even come close to it okay stick
with the Magnificent
two Neo and Tesla it's just my opinion
never Financial advice okay thanks a lot
bye-bye
