hi I'm Jimmy in this video we're looking
at Apple's stock this video is part of a
new series where we're going to analyze
all seven companies that are technically
classified as The Magnificent 7 they
call it the Magnificent 7 because these
companies these seven companies alone
make up almost a third of the S&P 500
that's actually kind of outrageous
because there's 500 companies in the S&P
500 S&P 500 is market cap weighted and
since all of these companies have
obscene market caps they greatly impact
what the overall stock market is doing
so we're going to go through each of the
companies like I said in this particular
video we're going to start with apple
and when it comes to analyzing Apple
basically we're going to look at the
business Basics then we're going to jump
into some recent developments some
recent news that has come out about them
then we're going to try to come up with
a fair value for Apple stock and finally
try to determine is Apple stock worth
buying or selling today okay now let's
jump over to the website by the way if
you'd like to get access to this website
I'll leave a link in the description
below but basically we're constantly
evolving the website trying to make it
easier to analyze companies value stocks
things along those lines Link in the
description below if you're curious but
for now let's jump over to Apple's
business segments to try to look at
where they generate their revenue
numbers from and this one's a bit zoomed
out so we're going to try to zoom in a
little bit more just to make it a bit
more readable on screen so we can see
that their business segments are broken
into five main categories clearly the
iPhone is their biggest business segment
but I think it's important to recognize
that Apple's largely driven their
numbers are largely driven by new
products and not all products are on the
same cycle for example the iPhone the
most recent iPhone came out in 2023 that
was the iPhone 15 then Mac well they had
they announced the new Mac in
2024 the Vision Pro headset that they
have well that came out that's in the
wearable section that came out also in
2024 and finally a new iPad just
recently came out there's a new iPad Pro
using the M2 and M4 chips they're
largely pushing towards making the the
iPads a bit more let's say AI friendly
so
overall Apple's in a good position from
the products that they're releasing but
we'll see in a second when we look at
some of their numbers their revenue and
profit and net income and not net income
the revenue profit free cash flow are
largely driven by the success of the
individual products okay now let's jump
back to the website and have a peek at
some of the financials and then we'll
try to come up with the fair value for
Apple stock using discount of free cash
once again we'll zoom in a bit try to
make these numbers a bit more readable
so looking at Revenue we can see clearly
big picture the trend has has been
higher for Apple stock by the way this
is a chart of Apple stock going back the
past 10 years but what I was talking
about about the individual products I
just think it's important to point out
that where yes the overall trend is
higher it's not true every single year
in fact over the past decade three
individual times we've seen Revenue
decline from one year to the next that's
just an important thing to keep in the
back of our mind okay now we jump over
to net income don't forget net income
and profit are the same thing but just
like we saw with Revenue there have been
multiple instances over the past 10
years where net income has declined from
one year to the next now while that is
very true I don't want us to think that
that means that apple is let's say
volatile big picture their trend is
still higher and is still significantly
higher but I'm bringing it out because
as I've been researching this company I
began to realize that if we own Apple
stock by the way I personally own Apple
stock we'll touch on that in a second
but if we were to own Apple stock and
we're or we're considering buying Apple
stock we might look at it and perhaps
get nervous about the fact that Revenue
declined last year profit declined last
year and I don't think that's really
something we should be overly concerned
about big picture the trend is still
higher this is and if they do pull back
from one year to the next this is what
Apple does every few years they pull
back they seem to build some momentum
and then they take off again largely
driven by the new products that they
come out with we've already seen that
okay now let's jump over to the
dividends and this is really coming off
their recent earnings call where they
had a couple relatively decent
announcements so this is the history
their dividend paying history how much
money have they paid out in dividends
most recent numbers about $15 billion
doll in dividends and we can see again
big picture they are increasing how much
they're paying out in dividends each
year now if we're curious to see this on
a per share basis or we can jump over to
the dividend section of our website and
we can see that every four quarters
Apple has consistently increase their
dividends this chart goes back to
2014 but they've been doing that since
2012 is when they really started paying
dividends but that brings us over to the
more interesting and semi exciting news
with Apple stock coming out of the most
recent earnings calls and that is their
what they are calling their repurchase
of common stock you might hear called
stock buyback stock buyback program but
basically the big news that came out of
it is Apple authorized a giant leap in
their stock buyback program they paid
last year they bought back about 77
billion worth of stock in the after
coming out of the most recent earnings
call they announced that they can buy
back up to$ 110 billion worth of stock
in the open market if you're curious to
see how that would look look on a chart
like this or we can see that the most
recent authorized amount is a pretty big
jump up relative to recent numbers now I
do think it's important to point out
that that doesn't necessarily mean that
they will buy back $110 billion doll
worth of
stock but apple has a ton of cash and
clearly they have a history of buying
back stock so the fact that they are now
authorized to buy $110 billion dollar
worth of stock is a really good thing
Apple stock NOW ultimately this would
impact things because this would
decrease the number of shares
outstanding and we jump over to the
chart for the weighted average shares
outstanding so this is coming off of
their financial statements on an annual
basis we can see that clearly the trend
has gradually slid these numbers down
but with the new $110 billion
authorization it's likely that this
number is just going to to continue
continue to fall from here and that
should help the per share value for all
the individual stocks that being said
let's jump over to the free cash flow
numbers so we could try to come up with
a fair value of Apple stock so we can
see here that we have three years of
analyst estimates this is the default
that we're using on the website and we
can see how many analysts we have for
each year and what their numbers are
they have free cash flow climbing up to
three in three years time to 120 or so
billion dollar in free cash FL given
their recent numbers this is by no means
a stretch and then when we jump over to
the fair value calculator to see what
Apple stock could actually be worth well
we can see current price about 190 bucks
a share fair value coming in at
$118 now you might look at that and say
well that looks fairly conservative and
it is true our assumption is that we
grow out those free cash flow numbers
for three years and then from there on
out it grows at
25% which is by the way the settings
that we're using that's our Perpetual
growth
rate but what if those numbers are a bit
too conservative I think a lot of these
companies especially the Magnificent 7
it makes sense to extend that out to a
longer period of time so if instead of
going out just three years if we were to
go back to our discounted cash flow
calculator and extend the time period
out 10 years by the way the green bars
are analyst estimates the blue bars are
calculated numbers
so now we can see what the numbers would
actually be if we were to extend this
out 10 years now one of the ways that
this calculation is done is we take the
growth rate we take the 10-year average
growth rate and then we grow it out we
grow out the free cash flow numbers off
of most recent analyst numbers in this
case we actually happen to have a fourth
year of analyst estimates for free cash
flow and then we grow it out but the
trick is that we don't just grow it out
by the 10e average we in fact want the
growth rate to gradually decline that is
what prevents it from getting too
aggressive so we can see the green
numbers up here it goes 14% 12% 10% and
gradually stair steps its way down until
after this entire time period Well the
growth rate would be our Perpetual
growth rate in this case of 2 and a
half% so with these new numbers when we
jump back to the discount of cash flow
calculator well we can see that the
stock is now the fair value for Apple
stock is still about
$176 per share by the way that $176 is
after accounting for cash and debt you
take the cash subtract the debt offset
those numbers 176 is accounting for the
fact that they have a few dollars per
share in net cash they have more cash
than they have debt now if everything I
just went through on that chart was kind
of just a lot going on you don't really
care you're just curious is it a buy or
is it a sell well the way you can tell
with this is you're looking at the
needle where is the needle pointing
basically if the needle is to the left
of the center line the stock could be
undervalued if it's to the right could
be overvalued ideally we've researched
undervalued companies we don't
necessarily have to waste our time
researching overvalued companies now
since I've gone through this analysis
and I actually own Apple stock I bought
my shares at about 140 bucks a share
well for me I'd like to see Apple stock
pull back a bit at least below this fair
value I'd like to see a 5% or so margin
of safety below the
176 that would make me feel a little bit
better 10% margin of safety would be
even better so I'd like to see Apple
stock pull back a bit if I'm going to
add to my current position but in the
meantime I'm more than happy to just sit
and hold my current position and as I
mentioned at the start of this video
this video is the first video in our
seven part series the rest of these
companies will be analyzed fairly soon
we'll be releasing those soon if you'd
like to get access to the website we're
using throughout this video link in the
description below and thank you so much
for sticking with me all the way to the
end of the video I really do appreciate
it thank you and I'll see you in the
next video
