Burkshire sold another 115 million
shares of Apple in this last quarter
that's berkshire's largest holding you
heard that right Berkshire Hathaway has
sold 115 million of its Apple shares
which amount to about $2 billion so as
you would expect this was brought up in
the sholder meeting people wanted to
know what the reason for this was and
this was Warren Buffett's response I
would say that at the end of the year I
would think it extremely likely that
apple is the largest common stock
holding we have
now one interesting thing is that
Charlie and I uh looked at Common Stocks
or marketable equities or the things
that people love to look at as being
businesses and so when we own a Dairy
Queen or we own whatever it may be uh we
look at that as a business and when we
look own
Coca-Cola uh or American Express or
apple we look at that as a business now
we can
buy really wonderful
companies in the market as businesses we
can't buy all of them I mean all of the
their shares we can't buy 90% or 80% or
anything like that but when we look at
Coca-Cola and American Express and apple
we look at them as businesses now
there's differences in tax factors
there's difference in manager
responsibility a whole bunch of things
but in terms of deploying your money we
always look at every stock as a business
and we don't we have no way no attempt
made to predict markets we have no
attempt made to pick stocks so why is
start off talking about how burshire
always looks at its investment as
companies and not just stocks to invest
in it indicates that apple is regarded
as a wonderful company that will always
stay a part of bur's portfolio and as
its largest holder of common stock this
he does as he has in recent letters to
shareholders indicated that wonderful
companies like Coca-Cola and American
Express are companies that Burkshire
intends to keep forever he had not
talked about Apple much which after this
sale left people with lots of questions
he then goes on to talk about taxes this
as he explains seems to be one of the
biggest reasons for the sale here's what
he had to say but I don't mind at all
under current conditions building the uh
cash position I think uh when I look at
the alternative of what's available in
the equity markets and I look at the
composition of what's going on in the
world we find it quite attractive and
one one thing that may surprise you but
we almost everybody I know pays a lot
more attention to not paying taxes than
I think they should we don't mind paying
taxes at
Berkshire and we are paying a 21%
federal rate let the gains were taking
in in uh apple and that rate was 35% not
that long ago and it's been 52% in the
in the past uh when I've been operating
and federal government owns a part of
the earnings of the business we make
they don't own the assets but they own a
percentage of the
earnings and uh they can change that
percentage any year and the percentage
that they've decreed currently is 21%
and I would say with the present fiscal
policies I think that something has to
give and I think that the higher taxes
are are quite likely and the government
wants to take a greater share of your
income or mine or burkers so Burkshire
had to pay 21% of their proceeds from
their sale of Apple stock as federal tax
that's a huge Payday for the government
this makes the question did they sell
just to pay taxes on the surface that's
what it sounds like but knowing Warren
there's definitely more to it than that
Brandon fer call from the channel new
money made a video about this not too
long ago and he talked about the three
reasons why Warren could have made the
sale I'll leave a link to this video
below
from what I gather warrant is a
possibility of an increase in tax rates
which would mean that it would be more
expensive to sell stocks that are in
profit due to capital gains tax he talks
about tax rates being higher in the past
and how in this current landscape they
are most likely to go up again he
further had this to say they may decide
that someday they don't want the fiscal
deficit to be this large because that
has some important consequences and they
may not want to decrease spending a lot
and they may decide they'll take a
larger percentage of what we earn and
we'll pay it and we always hope at
Berkshire to pay
substantial federal income taxes we
think it's appropriate that a company a
country that's been as has been as
generous to our
owners it's it's been the place I was
lucky Berkshire was lucky was here and
uh uh if we if we send in a check like
we did last year we send in over $5
billion to the US federal government and
if 800 other companies have done the
same thing no other person in the United
States would have had to pay a dime of
federal taxes whether income taxes no
social security taxes no estate taxes no
it's up and down the line now I would I
would like to to I I hope things develop
well enough with Burkshire that we we
say we're in the 800 club and uh and
maybe even move up a few notches uh it
doesn't bother me in the least uh to
write that check and uh I would really
hope with the all America's done for all
of you shouldn't bother you that we do
it and if if I'm doing it at 21% this
year and we're doing it at a higher
percentage later on I don't think you'll
actually mind the the fact that uh we
sold a little laple this year he now
makes reference to the country's growing
physical deficit and how the government
has to eventually figure out how to fix
it without cutting spending one of the
possible ways as mentioned is to
increase taxes he then mentions that
Burkshire paid over $5 billion last year
which he says if other companies would
follow would not only help reduce the
company's debt but also relieve the tax
burden from its citizen
this is very interesting as the biggest
fear with most of the proposed policies
for tax increases is that the businesses
would find ways to pass down the burden
to customers which would not be very
beneficial to the common man but would
rather leave him worse off so warin
Buffett believes and given back to the
country which he's a citizen of and
knows who so he has managed great
success so waren Buffett for president
anyone so far all we've heard is waren
being very patriotic and talking about
investments in the United States States
but he does own some stocks outside of
the states right what does he have to
say about those then the byd investment
was a and well we we made we made the
commitment in Japan which I did 5 years
ago and and that was just overwhelmingly
was
compelling uh it was extraordinarily
compelling and we put we bought it as
fast as we could and we spent a year and
you know we got a few perc of our Assets
in five very big companies but that's
the problem of being our size but you
won't find is
making a lot of
Investments uh outside the United States
although we participating through these
other companies in the world economy but
I
understand uh the United States rules
weaknesses strengths whatever ever it
may
be I I don't I don't have the same
feeling for for uh economies generally
out around the world I don't I don't
pick up on other cultures extremely well
and and lucky thing is I don't have to
because you know I don't live in some
tiny little country that has no uh just
doesn't have a big economy but I'm in an
economy already that has uh you
after starting out with a half a percent
of the world's population has ended up
with well over 20% of the world's output
in in an amazingly short period of time
so so I we will we will be American
oriented uh uh I mean if if we do
something really big it's extremely
likely to be in the United States for
those who might not be aware BYU is a
Chinese electric car maker which
Burkshire has a sizable holding off and
has had great success in in Japan
burshire has stakes in five companies
namely IOU Sumitomo mitubishi mitui and
marubeni which Warren says were very
compelling stocks above all of these he
still maintains that most of bur's
investments will be on American
companies especially if it's going to be
something
significant throughout the meeting waren
made some comments about his late friend
Charlie manga and some of the great
lessons that he learned from him in a
little light-hearted moment he had this
to say Charlie in all those years
there's only two times he would always
go along with me and you know and say
well when I was suggesting something say
well this is really not that great but
but it's probably the best you'll come
up with so I'll go along with the
idea and uh but Charlie Charlie twice
has pounded the table with me and just
said you know
uh uh bye bye bye and uh byd was one of
them and and Costco was the other when
he was asked to give his thoughts about
generative AI now that it's becoming
more and more of a popular thing this is
what he had to say last year I said you
know
that we let a genie out of the bottle
when we when we developed nuclear
weapons and that Genie has been doing
some terrible things
lately and the power of that Genie is
would you know scares the hell out of me
and under that I don't know any way to
get the genie back in the bottle and AI
is somewhat similar it it's out it's
part way out of the bottle and and uh
it's enormously important and it's going
to be done by somebody so uh we may wish
we've never seen that Genie or may do
wonderful things I'm certainly not the
person that can value wait that I had
one
experience that does make me a little
nervous and I'll just explain it that
very very
recently uh fairly recently I uh I saw a
uh an image in front of my eyes on the
screen and it was it was me and it was
my voice
and wearing the kind of clothes I wear
and my wife or my daughter wouldn't have
been able to detect any difference and
it was delivering a message that no way
came from me so it when you think of the
potential for scamming people if you
can
reproduce images that I can't even tell
that say I need money
you know I'm you know it's your daughter
I've just had a had a uh car crash I
need throw $50,000 wired I mean scamming
has always been part of the American
scene uh but this would make
me if I was interested in investing and
scamming it's going to be the growth
industry of all the time and it's
enabled in a way now maybe you know
obviously AI has potential for good
things too but I don't know how you
based on the one I saw recently uh I
practically would send send money to
myself over in some crazy
country it so this just shows you that
Warren is still his old school self very
calculated and risk averse he
understands the opportunities that AI
can bring but at the same time he's
aware of the dangers of it especially
with the one experience that he had so
all in all War Buffet still has a lot to
offer as far as investing in business
advice go this video only covered a
little bit of what he had to say in the
morning session of the shareholder
meeting so stay tuned for more videos
from that
meeting now I hope you found value in
this video if you did please leave a
like and even a comment too while you're
added subscribe to the channel if you
haven't already done so and turn on
notification so you never miss a
video thanks for watching the algorithm
thinks you like this video so head on
over and watch it now see you there and
remember to stay invested
