hey everyone in this video I'm going to
break down Apple's various product
segments and how they performed in the
latest quarter as well as provide some
commentary from Apple's management team
as to why things turned out the way they
did for these various product categories
so let's jump into it I want to thank
the mle fo for sponsoring this video
visit full.com parev for the 10 best
stocks to buy now all right so the
overarching theme throughout this
different product segment breakout is
that the company is managing
thoughtfully and delivera through an
uneven macroeconomic environment uneven
based on geography right the US economy
is performing better than the European
economy which is doing better than the
Chinese economy and then uneven in terms
of different consumer segments lower
income consumers are doing much worse
than higher income consumer
and Apple has to manage through all of
that because they have a breakdown of
all those segments I just previously
discussed starting with the iPhone so
Revenue in the March quarter was 46
billion which was down 10%
year-over-year that's been the big story
is very little Innovation from Apple in
its Premier product the iPhone and it
starting to show up in results Revenue
was down 10% year-over-year in this
product however the company saying they
still saw growth in iPhone in some
markets including mainland China and
according to contar during the quarter
the two best selling smartphones in
urban China were the iPhone 15 and
iPhone 15 Pro Max nevertheless data came
out throughout the quarter which I
highlighted I made a video about
highlighting that the chinese-based
phone companies smartphone companies
are gaining massive market share at the
expense of Apple so far in 2024 even
though these two were the top selling
phones in China in the latest quarter
overall they are losing market share in
China at an alarming rate and I think
that's why management made a point here
to highlight that the iPhone is still
the bestselling phone in China the 15
and 15 Pro Max because they've been
hearing so much from investors talking
about and being concerned with the
iPhone's performance in China and the
rising competition from homegrown Rivals
the company goes on to discuss the mech
which in the quarter Revenue came in at
7 A5 billion which was up 4%
year-over-year
and they had a launch of a new product
in early March with the new 13in and
15inch MacBook Air so these would only
partially be reflected in the March
quarter results these will be more
reflected in the next quarter and onward
the MacBook Air is one of the more
popular MacBooks in its lineup so that
should fuel growth in the Mac computer
segment also Apple just came out with
the M3 chip that's going to lead to some
growth that's not across the board
available yet they've made it available
in a few product in a few Mac computers
it's not in the higher end models yet
and so that will drive some demand for
Mac but additionally one final Point
year on the Mac the replacement cycle
will also help Apple in this regard I've
heard from other Computing focused
companies that operate in the personal
computer industry including Intel Micron
Microsoft AMD and others suggesting that
growth in the personal computer segment
will accelerate throughout 2024 and then
continue accelerating in
2025 and that's because people that
bought computers in 2020 and 2021 when
we were working from home and learning
from home those will need to be replaced
now not all of them will be replaced as
we're not working from home or learning
from home anymore that is for most of
you I still mostly work from home save
for the couple of days I go to campus to
teach other than that I work from home
when I'm making these videos but for the
majority of people they're back to work
roughly 10 to 15% of working days are
now done remotely whereas during the
pandemic that was significantly higher
still some of those computers need to be
replaced and that's going to boost
demand for personal Computers Apple will
benefit in this segment iPad revenue for
the March quarter was 5.6 billion that
was 177% lower and Apple's management
saying the reason why this was so much
lower is because last year they launched
the M2 iPad Pro and the 10th Generation
of iPad and so that drove a lot of
demand last year and so now when you're
comparing this year with last year's
jump it's not easy to beat those numbers
because those numbers were a big Boost
from the prior year so that's why iPad
struggled in the current quarter now the
wearables home and accessories segment
which includes the Apple watch and the
airpods which are incredibly popular
came in at 7.9 billion that was down 10%
year-over-year and apple again saying
that was because of a difficult
comparison last year they launched a
newer version of the Apple watch a big
step up and they launched the Next
Generation airpods which I don't think
was much of an improvement from the
previous gener generation still
management acknowledging that that newer
generation drove a little bit extra
demand in that category and now this
year comparing it to last year it makes
it tougher to beat that quarter where it
had the new
releases the next segment services this
segment performed well 23.9 billion in
revenue and that was up 14%
year-over-year the services segment is a
big reason why investors are
enthusiastic about Apple stock despite
what you're noticing up above declining
Hardware Sales coming from iPhone
wearables iPad really little Innovation
other than the Vision Pro which you know
at a price tag above
3,000 what were you expecting that's not
going to get broad-based adoption unless
it was like a home run product that made
people go out of their way to spend over
$3,000 on it so those are the big
complaints from Apple stock investors or
that the company hasn't really innovated
and if you're not delivering products
you're not really going to boost the
services segment much longer it's the
products it's the hardware that gets
people into the ecosystem that gets them
to purchase services from Apple if you
have the iPhone and the Apple watch
you're very likely to subscribe to Apple
music if you have the iPhone and the
Apple watch you may subscribe to Apple 1
which is the combined Subscription
Service where you get
storage you get apple music Apple TV
plus and you get Apple news that whole
bundle you're more likely to subscribe
to that if you have an Apple computer an
Apple phone and an Apple Watch and so
it's the hardware that drives sales of
the services not the other way around so
yes Services can continue growing for
some time
with flattish to small Revenue growth
from the hardware segment but longer
term Apple needs to innovate in the
hardware segment which to their credit
they have they have innovated over
decades now in the short term you've had
these periods of extended duration where
it seems like you know they're old news
they haven't innovated in a while they
haven't delivered a product that gets
people excited and then all of a sudden
something comes out and it gets people
excited about Apple again right the
first was the Mac computer then of
course the
iPod then the
iPhone the iPad and then we had a few
years of nothing and the Apple watch has
been has been pretty strong right 7.9
billion in Revenue in that segment the
Apple watch and the airpods those are
pretty Innovative products that drove
consumers to spend tens of billions ions
of dollars per year on those products
and so investors are now waiting right
it's been a while since the Apple watch
and the airpods first came out now
investors are waiting for something
new so interesting breakdown here from
Apple and their various segments and the
reasons behind the slowdown in the
various segments although the bigger
picture reason is the lack of innovation
if you delivered something Innovative
that got customers excited they would go
out and buy your products right instead
of you know explaining like last year we
did something that was an upgrade and
now this year it's hard to beat those
right just you know do what Apple does
innovate and customers will buy your
products you've built that brand loyalty
you've built that trust you've built
that adoption where if you come out with
something exciting at a at an attractive
price
point people are going to buy it people
are going to try it out at least give
you a try and so that's what Apple's got
to do now investors are waiting Before I
Let You Go let me tell you about the
greatest deal on YouTube with just a
click of a button you can get free
financial analysis from a professor with
Decades of investing experience so what
are you waiting for hit that subscribe
button and I'll see you again soon
