less than 5 years ago Intel powered
every single Mac today they're gone
apple is having a Mac Renaissance and
Intel is the worst performing stock in
the S&P 500 in the last 3 months alone
Intel stock price has dropped by over
30% and in the list of semiconductor
companies which they used to top they're
now behind Nvidia tsmc broadcom asml
Samsung AMD and Qualcomm now obviously
it would be easy to say that this is
because of Apple silicon and in tells
lot of sales that used to go into Macs I
mean obviously that's a part of it but
it's a pretty small one Mac is only
around about 9 half% of the personal
computer market in terms of market share
so yes it would hurt but it's not
enormous the bigger issue here is the
performance of Apple silicon especially
at its efficiency it's turned a lot of
heads away from x86 in general from AMD
and Intel's chips to other architectures
like arm which Apple designs their CES
around risk 5 and others and that hurts
Intel disproportionately compared to AMD
for example for a couple of reasons
first Intel is very dependent on CPUs
with their one and only generation of
arc graphics cards having been released
so far with let's say underwhelming
reception while AMD does CPUs and a
whole bunch of gpus too spreading the
risk but also x86 is Intel's and Intel
licensed the instruction set to AMD
we're already seeing qual bringing the
Snapdragon X Elite and the bin plus
version admittedly created by the team
at nuvia that Qualcomm acquired after it
was set up by drum roll please X Apple
silicon Engineers now that's the one
that they've been teasing the
performance of since the start of the
Year even though you can't buy it yet
and while leaked benchmarks put it ahead
of M3 in multicore if behind it in
single core the M4 that Apple announced
last week beats it and remember the X
Elite is the top of the line for
Qualcomm M4 is Apple's base chip but it
does show that other companies are
enthusiastic about arm and risk chips as
Microsoft Surface will have Snapdragon
as an option again just as you have the
option to subscribe I'm just saying it's
an option that one change means that
Microsoft is taking arm seriously too
and windows is pushing hard with a
similar translation layer to Apple's
Rosetta 2 so the x86 code should run
pretty seamlessly on arm if likely with
a performance penalty but it's not not
just the desktop less people are
actually buying laptops and desktops now
and there are very very few true tablets
and I'm pretty sure no phones that run
x86 silicon and that's all that a lot of
people are buying these days with more
and more compute moving to the cloud and
to web apps server based AI processing
and even cloud gaming with Xbox Cloud
Nvidia GeForce now and more meaning your
internet speed is a lot more important
in a lot of ways than the hardware
you're running but doesn't Intel still
have the speed advantage maybe not for
long right now the fastest chip on the
market from Intel is the core I9 14900 K
such a Snappy title with single core
scores around 3,300 and multicore of
24,000 now it's a 24 core chip just like
the M2 Ultra and yes right now it is
ahead of the M2 Ultra which is trailing
on 2800 and
21,500 so that Intel chip though is
using about 320 wats at its peak which
is exactly what it's going to be doing
during these benchmarks whereas the M2
Ultra uses just 90 watts and that M2
Ultra also includes its onboard Graphics
not just the CPU the graphics are no
slouch either with tech radar comparing
the performance to an Nvidia 4070
notebook Edition in terms of raw
performance but before you get down in
my comment section which is fine I know
that you will not get comparable game
performance because you know it's a back
and game optimization still has a lot of
work to do but that 4070 notebook chip
will draw another 115 Watts on top of
the CPU so yeah efficiency is definitely
an advantage here in case that wasn't
enough the
14900 K had the fastest single core
performance in geekbench that is until
Apple's M4 chip uh benchmarks leaked
last week the M4 destroys it 3700 points
in single core 4 100 more than the Intel
in the thinnest ever fanless iPad Pro
now you know as well as I do that that
I9 sounded like a Boeing taking off orbe
it briefly before probably crashing back
into the runway because it's a Boeing of
course the M4 doesn't come close in
multicore but its Big Brothers Max and
Ultra probably will not to mention the
rumored M4 extreme chips that may
finally make the Mac Pro just make a
little little bit of sense so is Intel
dead no not yet but they are circling
the drain and they're being nudged
closer from a bunch of different
directions is it just a matter of time
let me know down in the comments thank
you to my patreons and I will see you in
the next one want the latest Apple news
leaks and rumors subscribe and ring the
bell
