there's little doubt at this point that
there will be a wave of Partnerships
coming to both Tesla and the other
players in the EV industry and the
self-driving cars industry today we're
going to discuss two very big potential
deals that might be starting to happen
for the first story what will happen to
Uber we'll watch a video of uber CEO Dar
K Rahi being interviewed and he talks
about Elon Musk and what will a robotaxi
future look like for Uber second there
reports from supply chain sources that
apple and rivan might be in talks about
a partnership does this make sense let's
learn more and I've got my good friend
Brian White from his incredible YouTube
channel called futur oza joining me
thank you Brian there's a lot going on
with uh apple and rivan and I think uh
some of the analysts out there who've
been trying to cover it have just been
scratching the surface so it's exciting
to have an opportunity to go a little
bit deeper yeah this is just I think I
use the word tsunami because I'm
expecting like many of these you know
we're now getting to the end stage
you're going to see Partnerships with
licensing partnership with Tesla that's
going to happen Chinese car companies
other autocar companies other
Partnerships like this and then you'll
see Partnerships with the other partners
they need to consolidate or you know
this is existential for them let's watch
Uber first this is something that we've
all been waiting for is trying to
understand what's going to happen with
Uber and so this is uh you know Uber CEO
he was interviewed on CNB BC I would
never underestimate Elon Musk and Tesla
they're clearly the leaders in EVS so he
knows that I wonder if you think that
he's already in talks has been in talks
do you think it's going to happen let's
watch this video first been any shift in
your mind about Robo taxis you know
there was a period of time we used to
talk about Robo taxis probably every
time you every quarter the state of Robo
taxis where are they and then we and and
then we effectively stopped you stop
that investment as well now we're
starting to hear you know and Elon Musk
has sort of been in the background on
this is but now he's very vocal about
turning Tesla into a robo taxi company
and we're starting to see more uh
technology that that seems to actually
be working do you have a different sort
of view about this now well we think
that the autonomous technology brings
incredible promise incredible promise in
terms of uh improving safety lowering
prices making Mobility uh available for
everybody uh which we think can increase
the overall Market share uh of our
services and and listen we would I would
never
underestimate uh Elon Musk and Tesla
were big fans of his uh they're clearly
the leaders in EVs and we have a lot of
Teslas uh in our Marketplace at the same
time I wouldn't underestimate what we
bring to the table in terms of the Uber
brand you know we're verb in terms of
our matching pricing routing technology
uh our payments fraud identity safety
Technologies as well and so as a result
we think we're in a great position to
work with any and all AV manufacturers
as the technology develops safely
including Tesla by the way because what
we're seeing what we can bring with this
network is higher
utilization of Av assets uh and we think
do you see a c change I mean there are
people in the tech world who think that
the new Tesla FSD which is the full
self-driving uh which is now running off
of AI it's really the major shift in
this that there was a step change in
what it's capable of doing and that we
now might be actually dramatically
closer than we were a year or two or
three ago I think the early promise that
we see with newer AI models and
imitation learnings what we call
internally a2.0 is very exciting now
remember AV had very strong early
promise as well so early promise
hopefully will result in uh faster
development uh and we'll see how that
develops and again because of the demand
that we bring we can drive enormous
demand to this promising technology if
it develops we think it'll be a huge
positive it also allows a lot of smaller
players to develop this technology just
like you saw kind of in the early days
llms there are all a bunch of big
players Etc you saw kind of Open Source
smaller models come in we think the same
could be true of the of the imitation
learning models that we're seeing at the
market so it's pretty promising we'll
see how it turns out we're going to be a
player in the space
you know great to hear his opinion right
we finally it's for me anyways I haven't
seen what he was thinking about this
whole thing Elon Musk has clearly said
that we will need Tesla will need uh
Shepherds you know these these uh Fleet
managers that will take care of the
cleaning and management uh but do you
think that they'll need to partner with
Uber do you think they've already had
these conversations do you think that
they actually need the data that they
talked about uh somebody I was talking
to before who actually uh just last
night who's actually an Uber driver but
very you know very connected very smart
he was saying that uh Tessa does not
have that last mile you know that last
little bit of 100 meters where you know
let's say uh drop me off my house it
doesn't know where to actually stop
which is the front of my house somehow
apparently Uber has that data like
things like that what's your thinking
last night I allowed the car to drive me
home and it was uh a quiet there was no
no one around so uh we're sit you know
me and my family are in the car and it
got near my house and it decided you
know what I'm going to take the alley
instead and I thought that was very
strange and it gets the alley and it
hesitates because it's very dark and
narrow and it goes ahead and it drives
into the alley and it drives past my
house and it Loops the block and does it
again so that was hilarious I think
that's something that can easily be
fixed with just a thing on the screen
just a popup that says uh please say
where you want me to drop you off that
could be done uh in terms of your own
home you could just drop a pen on the
map that says this is my driveway I'm
not worried about the Last Mile in terms
of does Tesla need Uber no does Uber
need Tesla well if they're the first to
Market with this then yes they
absolutely do because you know if you
can't beat them join them and Uber can't
beat them as you recall Uber spent
billions trying to launch their own
self-driving technology and hit local
maximums like everyone has Uber Lyft
everybody thought this would be solved
by 2020 everybody was wrong everybody
underestimated just how long the the
long taale of exceptions can be and it's
something where if you tried to code in
every exception there will always be
more exceptions so the neural net was
what was needed does Uber have a data
moat a brand Moe in many ways Uber has
negative brand value uh I I don't look
at Uber and say this is the best you
know if I had a choice between taxis and
Uber I'd pick Uber every time but if I
had a choice between Uber and something
that isn't Uber that is that manages to
overcome the shortcomings of uber I
would jump in a second especially if
it's cheaper especially if there's no
tips especially if if it's not if it
doesn't have a reputation for taking
advantage of restaurant owners and
drivers and customers and I know he said
that they spend a lot of effort
protecting their customers but I would I
would disagree with that I would not
necessarily find that to be as
universally true as he's suggesting so
is it
critical
uh it's more critical for Uber than it
is for Tesla you know there's a lot of
pieces uh to Uber and to to ride healing
and so there might be a partnership but
when you think about how you know that
Tesla is thinking about this um they are
thinking about it not just based on
their own cars they're looking at uh the
customer own cars so maybe like I guess
now I'm wondering if that's actually a a
thing that Uber fits their model right
which is um you know the drivers own the
cars uh or is it something that you know
it's it's not going to be the same thing
or Ela Tesla is going to be the one to
manage you know putting you into the
network guess you can do both um but you
know I I'm yeah I'm hearing more and
more people saying that uh Uber
partnership is something that they
expect to happen um I I still am not
convinced I think it's possible I think
it's even likely I think it would be
non-exclusive so that Uber doesn't have
the capacity to say you can't also sell
to Lyft you can't also sell to Herbert
and Brian uh you you you have this
opportunity it when you're talking about
someone like uber if they need to put in
a maintenance center to clean cars and
safety check do whatever it is you have
to do in between maybe not passengers
but in between shifts uh Uber could set
that up very quickly I have no doubt
that they could uh put in inspection
centers cleaning centers in in the right
places in important places and get them
staffed quickly so I think that would
allow Tesla the head space to expand
more quickly but also the revenue
because I'm sure as much as Tesla would
like to keep every single one of these
cars for themselves the 2030 billion
doll cash on hand is not adequate to do
that from day one uh without incurring
some pretty serious risk that doesn't
necessarily need to be there yeah the
argument was that uh you heard Uber CEO
Dara say that actually uh they've they
buy a lot of test they have a lot a big
partnership now with Tesla where they
encourage their drivers to get you know
they they incent them give them
incentives to buy Teslas and know you're
watching a lot of these ride hill um
drivers buy Teslas because at the end of
the day the the monthly fee is about the
same as it would be just the gas cost as
well as long alone and so anyways like
you know this this partnership has
already happening with Uber and um you
know the idea is that uh they can expand
it it's already there and that this guy
was saying that Uber drivers actually
one of the best sellers like one of the
best people to sell and so if you've got
an Uber driver driving a Tesla they will
sell you more Teslas This Is Where It
gets weird because what happens when you
don't have the driver anymore why does
that how's Uber still going to upsell
Tesla at that point right they're
just kind of they should be a service
behind the scenes uh and then Tesla
launched their own app and so it's okay
to have multiple apps right I think I
heard some one expert say that if you
look at McDonald's they have their own
app but they allow Uber Eats and GrubHub
and all these others to order McDonald's
too because there's going to be regular
service and then there'll be Peaks uh
during high demand and so there you'll
need other kind of you know other ways
to uh buy that when it's needed what's
you're thinking about um any signals
that uh Tesla with the app and others
that they might actually be partnering
or they may not be partnering Uber's app
works great and it always has I don't
know what their development team is
developing because the app I I you can't
see the changes in it I I'm confident
that when Tesla should Tesla launch
their own app it would quickly become as
competent as anything out there uh the
real trick has less to do with that and
more to do with uh achieving a level of
saturation that allows customers to
actually use the network I don't I'm not
worried about that side of it kind of at
all and I think you're right one car can
exist on more than one network for that
matter there are Uber and lift drivers
where the driver has both and he'll have
both apps open and see which one he
wants to use for the next particular
ride um I don't know that that driver
would necessarily want a third app but
hey I mean that's up to them and maybe
three is too many ride hail networks to
have uh there have been others in
addition to and lift that haven't fared
as well so all of that is definitely
possible perfect okay let's talk about
the next potential partnership that's
out there and this is um rumors that
apple and rivan are talking right now
for a partnership and the only reason I
bring this up is I've been given um you
know information that this is likely
true um this is from people that should
be in the know that have relationships
so that's the only reason I I'm thinking
this might actually be real we'll see
what happens um so this says here that
there's a potential that apple is in
talks with rivan about a potential
partnership um and this is coming from
supply chain sources this is Taiwan
based Digi times that's who reported it
and they said it comes from supply chain
sources it's unclear what any such
Alliance would entail Apple canceled its
project Titan Apple car in late February
it's unclear if there are actual talks
even if true talks need an amount to
anything so let's uh let's go ahead and
watch this video of uh CNBC talking
about it I'll warn the audience right
now that there's a lot of uh what these
guys are saying that aren't true we'll
Point them out um and you guys can
decide if you think what they're saying
is real or not real true or not true Alo
the car Alex stay right there because we
have another report surrounding a
partnership this time between Apple and
rivan and filbo is here on set with us
to maybe talk about some of those
details well this came out of Digi times
out of Asia said there was talk about a
potential partnership even immediately
Steve kovak with apple and me with rivan
we started running this up the tree
didn't get any take at all no take at
all so I I don't put any Credence
Credence to this but it does raise the
question is Apple completely done when
it comes to the auto companies remember
they have essentially shut down project
Titan so they're not going to plan on
building a car Adam Jonas with Morgan
Stanley brings up a great point in a
note that he put out today and he
essentially says this he says although
Apple has confirmed it has nixed its
Apple car project project Titan it does
not mean there may not be any number of
areas where Apple's broader AI efforts
could Encompass the automotive value
chain is it possible that somebody at
rivan in Asia is having a conversation
with somebody at Apple you bet I would
hope they're doing that that's what auto
companies are doing with tech companies
every single day so this report by
itself no reason for the stocks to move
higher though you can bet that when
rivan reports its results after the bell
and during the call RJ gringe is going
to get this question I was going to say
for rivian's case as well weren't they
the one who had the Ford investment that
kind of went sour correct so I can't
imagine they're overeager to go partner
with another major company and guess who
owns a big chunk of rivan Amazon oh
right it's not like these guys are you
know out in the wilderness of Illinois
and they're not interacting with tech
companies they are so it's just that
this report started moving the stocks
before the market today you'll notice
the stocks really haven't done much
since then because it hasn't been
flushed out there's there's no there
there if you will so the idea of the two
working together quote on a car no no no
no uptake there but the possibility uh
that rivan might employ or work with
apple on making Apple software a
technology Hub there's Apple carplay out
there there's car absolutely absolutely
or other products in the future look AI
opens up a number of opportunities not
just for rivan but other automakers as
well and you can bet that Apple while it
is not doing project Titan it is
certainly still in communication with
auto companies I'm curious how about
rivine as well as we've talked a lot
about Tesla struggles lately where
there's just it seems not enough demand
to meet the supply of EVS that we
thought there would be this this time
and point but rivan has also still
survived the challenge of higher
interest rates and this initial period
of plethora of startups where how does
it stand now competitively speaking it's
number two in the US in terms of pure EV
companies the question becomes
will they have to raise Capital between
now and when the next product the R2
comes out which they're going to build
in Illinois and that's not coming out
until well into 26 probably start
production late 25 early 26 then you you
know then you start looking at okay do
you have the capital needed they've
already said they're not going to build
the plant in Georgia for now eventually
they plan to that's where the R2 was
going to be built so it's about cash
preservation and getting through this
period where demand is just not as
strong as many people initially thought
it would be Alex what do you think of
the possibility of Apple working in the
car business in some way if not to
manufacture an automobile yeah I think
that their project Titan right the
self-driving program that they had if it
was worth anything it would have been
sold already I think it was worth so
little that they just decided to shut it
down and cut ties with it now I could
see rivan seeing the improvements that
Tesla's made in its full self-driving
and getting on the phone with apple and
being like hey Apple that self-driving
thing is that working anymore and apple
being like like well let's have a
conversation about it and that to me is
as far as it's probably got now I do
think that apple and rivan could combine
into like pretty impressive Partnership
if Apple's carplay is more deeply
integrated into rivan cars and by the
way you know there's been all this
rumors about maybe apple one day could
have you know had a conversation with
Elon Musk about uh acquiring Tesla and
it never did is rivan a target for Apple
in the future with all that cash it has
and its need for growth I think that's
something to keep thinking about okay so
there's uh quite a number of things
there
some of the things they said sounds
right and some of the things they said
is kind of um sketchy let's watch listen
to this Jeff Lutz reped to that video
and he said the commentary here is
laughable and ignorant at a minimum
Tesla has demand issues and rivan
doesn't Riven calling Apple for FSD Tech
Riven is number two in the us but he
didn't mention that they're losing
40,000 $39,000 per vehicle sold uh so
what's your thoughts on what you saw
there Brian there was plent PL of little
things to criticize but what you can't
criticize is just how loud Phil actually
can get uh there is Apple still in the
auto he is is there is Apple still in
the in the
automotive game absolutely carplay is a
real thing um and they will want to get
that into more Vehicles they want to
make that better they want to make it
easier they want to make it more
profitable and there's going to be new
technologies that we don't know about
yet that are definitely under
development
uh saying that Titan has no value
whatsoever and that's why they didn't
sell it
misunderstands everything it's likely
that it has tremendous value but that
the cost to get it to completion is just
not worth it with what we know today and
they don't want to give out any Secret
Sauce there's a lot of inner workings of
Apple in that project that I assume they
do not wish to share and the parts that
are the the best about it would require
Apple to also give up people the people
who know how it actually works and that
doesn't make any sense they wouldn't do
that so what could a rivan partnership
look like well rivan is going to they
don't have the money or the talent to
build their own FSD system but they've
got the cameras they've got the sensors
they've got the internet connection if
only there was someone who would be
interested purchas dat to develop ansd
system someone who' already been on an
FSD system to me that is The Logical
partnership is just give us the data and
when it works we'll give you the
FSD I love it yeah that makes sense so
let's let's let's break this down a
little bit right I mean it doesn't
matter if apple and rivan partner they
don't have FSD they don't have an
autonomy play regardless apple does not
have this there's nothing that they've
done to show that they have any of this
they've got their cars they had the
Liars but it's just so small numbers
that it's unlikely that they're G to
come out and surprise everybody that
they've got this technology and that's
why they shut down project Titan and U
it could be though that they could buy
rivan I think rivian's only1
billion Apple you know spent 10 billion
on this already maybe they'll go I'll
just buy rivan now they don't usually
buy companies they don't like to do this
again especially that big of a number
but but if they do then they'll need to
partner with Tesla
anyways not it's not 10 billion because
if if they bought it for 10 billion now
they're on the hook for another 8
billion a year in losses so uh I don't
think the timing would be right the
market cap is yeah it's right at 10
billion today um and worth noting that
despite the the the not great earnings
call um they're still up 6 and 12% on
the week as of recording this um with a
a bounce back from after the earnings
call so there's yeah there's going to be
some opportunities here okay well this
is fun I mean again we don't know if
this real this is uh all just conjecture
just you know like he said I mean that's
the one part he said Is Right
conversations happening all the time
there's nothing here that we know for
sure is going to happen it's real yeah
something is real something is going on
it could be big it could be small
yeah okay so we talked about Uber uh and
they're thinking what they might have to
do then you've got the you know apple
and rivan everybody's starting to wonder
what's going to happen it's going to
happen very soon we're going to see if
robot taxi is real how soon we're
talking about um what's your current
estimate right now when do you think the
very first Robo taxi I mean uh it is
true also true that if El if Tesla
wanted to to they could turn on robot
taxi today just existing fsz 12 can do
this there's nothing you know in a
confined space they don't want to do
that quite yet they want to go big and
they want to go wide and they want to
get the technology to the point where
it's safe right uh what's your gu though
when Elon might Tesla might make this
decision earlier we discussed that last
mile where Tesla doesn't know where to
park uh Cruz had a great solution to
that I'll park where I'm going to park
and I'll turn on my flashers and notify
you on the app that your car is waiting
for you a block and a half away uh
that's something that they could do
today uh would it be the most
comfortable ride I I don't know I know
that there have been we've seen some
shortcomings with crws when uh the
kilowatts and hm Mars did their race
through San Francisco in competing FSD
systems where Crews just got stuck
that's not comfortable if there were
cars around that would be especially
uncomfortable you would feel like a real
jerk stuck in traffic so when will we
see the first I mean it it's all going
to come down to what you define as a
robo taxi in some regards we've already
got them with whmo uh and soon again
with Cruz I imagine um but from Tesla
when will we see the first Tesla Robo
taxi I don't know I would say within
three years if that's not being too
pessimistic okay yep I appreciate that I
think the very first pilot will happen
soon in that probably next year um they
wouldn't they wouldn't do the 88
announcement if it wasn't within a year
afterwards and it could just be a small
pilot and I I fully expect the Tesla
will do what Cruz and way was doing with
the T operation meaning Let It Go but
then there's somebody there watching in
case it gets in trouble it'll do it'll
take
over we'll see we'll see we'll see I
okay thank you so much Brian follow him
on his YouTube channel future oza great
over there I like it sometimes I show up
there too thank you so much Brian
appreciate you bye-bye I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor please
check it out Simply go to my website at
herbert.com
[Music]
