open AI wrapping up a live stream
conference earlier with Chief technology
officer Mira moradi unveiling a flagship
chatbot model called chat
gp40 let's take a
look okay so chat GPT this is what I
ended up with how does this look it
looks perfect you've solved it and x
equals 1 nicely done how do you feel
about solving linear equations now yeah
honestly i' I'm not pretty confident I
can solve a linear
equations joining us now is Patrick
Morehead founder CEO and chief analyst
at more insights and strategy Patrick
it's great to have you on set Josh it's
great to be here usually I'm from you
know in front of a uh uh computer screen
but here we in the big Studio you in New
York and we had to make it happen so
let's get right to the news Patrick so
open AI announces this new flagship
model they say smarter faster first just
give us your response to the news what
you heard today Patrick and how you
think it impact
kind of the broader kind of competitive
environment we find ourselves in yeah so
first off timing is everything so
tomorrow's Google's big Google IO
conference they're the king of search
they're the kings of advertising and
this was clearly time to give Google
Google advertisers uh something to think
about obviously we have apple WWDC in a
few weeks and yes it impacts them
because they want to get out and Define
what the quote unquote best intelligent
agent or assistant experienced is and
this brought together brings together
voice it brings together uh images and
videos and text in a very interesting
and and humanlike interaction mode yep
so what I continue to struggle with and
I don't know if this changes the
Paradigm okay so chat GPT comes out
early you know late 22 early last year
explodes in interest all of these Grand
predictions about how it's going to
change the world you and I are still
sitting here in person my life hasn't
changed at all as a result of this I
know some people who use it as a tool
fine in Corporate America they're
integrating it to some degree but it's
still kind of unclear like where where's
the big deal where like where's the
thing that's going to be this revolution
that seems to have been promised yeah so
technology is always slower to be
adopted than we all think it's going to
in Silicon Valley right it it it comes
overnight but the reality is to hit
typical consumers and even businesses uh
come years after use but you have to
show off the latest and gr is to get
people excited it's kind of like the
beginning of an investment bubble right
let's get everybody excited let's show
the capability we're going to hit the
trough of disillusionment uh at some
point but it's to get people uh uh tied
in now when it comes to software and
services we can use on our smartphones
like jat chat GPT
40 uh it is a much faster F time to use
than let's say building a new product
like the rabbit that you you know stick
on on your lapel that unfortunately
bombed early but um I I think it's a
good Testament to what we should expect
to see from a Google an apple and even a
Microsoft do you do you think Patrick
though for big Tech investors who are
listening right now how concerned should
they be that users start using open a
chat gbt more and more and rely less and
less on big Tech voice assistant so it
is a risk I don't think it's a midterm
risk uh but if Apple and Google don't
get in there and plug the hole or
potentially for Apple's case align with
open a it could spell trouble because if
you look at the biggest applications
that that just took took the World by
storm like Facebook it was initially
free Google search was free with no ads
right so you weren't paying for it and
this has the same type of risk if you
get eyeballs and experiences coming in
you could op uh open AI could monetize
that multiple ways through a service
payment through advertising through
essentially sending you to another
chatbot for a company that does make
money a food services company on
airlines that's how it could be
monetized and that is a potential risk
to both Google and apple and speaking
about Apple there was also a report that
apple is indeed going to be partnering
with open AI
for some version maybe of it's chap b or
on the upcoming phone cycle do you think
that that is going to happen do you
believe that that is going to happen and
then what are the implications not just
for Apple but for Google in that case
yeah so I put the odds at about 5050
that we'll we'll see the two come
together there could have been some of
the leaks that saw the Mac OS desktop
app that was announced today and they
took that to the next level but Apple
does need help in in certain areas and
there's two types of AI there's on
device which would be on the iPhone and
the iPad and the mac and then there' be
the cloud-based service I believe if
there's going to be any deal it would be
cloud-based Services maybe a type of
deal where Google pays Apple today 20
to30 billion dollar to get uh Google
search as the default search on the
iPhone maybe this is a deal like this or
maybe a it's less of a payment but more
of a quidd pro quo Apple has to have um
very good on device AI or or or
literally uh it's going to spell trouble
for Apple because that's what it does
it's all about on device it's not about
the cloud Apple's biggest level of
sophistication on the cloud is backups
and streaming media and video which in
in aggregate aren't that uh complex and
if you recall back things like mobile me
were just complete disasters I do
believe that we will see a Siri relaunch
at WWDC see uh and it will incorporate
generative AI potentially some help from
open Ai and again it's not just one
model you're looking at probably 40
models that have to be addressed in
between what's on the device and at the
cloud to do different types of things
and you hit on a point which I want to
touch on Patrick because let's say apple
and open AI get this deal done Tim Cook
and Sam Alman they work it out the
lawyers they sign the paperwork your
point is you think it's possible that
Sam Alman pays Cook's company because
Alman thinks you know what yes I'll pay
to get in front of these billion plus
iPhones yeah this could be the long-term
play for them right let's get people
hooked on open Ai and chat GPT and that
would pay dividends for years in a very
similar way I mean open AI is losing a
tremendous amount of money today a lot
of money and uh they can either invest
it into infrastructure advertising
product or a potential deal to get on
the most pervasive uh brand out there
which is Apple I out of here on this
Patrick a different headline reports
that arm is going to develop AI chips
the key word being chips there no one
knows arm better than you um what do you
how much credibility you give that
report or you think it's bogus so
creating actual products meaning you buy
a chip from them I put very very low
probability what I do put a high
probability against is them getting into
them licensing the intellectual property
like they do uh to Apple like they do to
Qualcomm like they do to AWS and Azure
which enable other people to use their
intellectual property to build AI
accelerators for for phones for tablets
for PCs and even in the data center I do
think that will happen and quite frankly
I think that's priced in might be priced
into the stock already when you look at
the multiples that that that it's
trading at right now investors want to
see more tangible AI goodness even
they're the processor behind it and a
lot of AI is done on a CPU they want to
see specific AI IP Patrick we didn't
plan it this way but you were the
perfect guy to have today on set we
maybe we did plan it I don't know thank
you for coming my friend thanks for
thanks Josh
