hey guys this is Junior Trader and in
this video we are taking a look at QQ
and spy and also take a look at Tech STS
Microsoft Apple Google Amazon meta and
Netflix so let's go over the price
section of the market all in all we can
see that market has been breaking to
all-time
Highs are we going to continue staying
at these all-time highs or maybe make
all again alltime highs so we'll talk
about all of that in this video guys uh
once I let you know that none of this is
any Financial advice and it's only for
education purposes also if you are
interested to follow along in the
Journey of uh my dividend portfolio
building that I have been doing check my
this new channel out Junior Trader
dividend investing Channel you
can find the link in the description and
or just search for this Channel on
YouTube and yeah just subscribe and go
through the videos and every moves that
I'm making I'm sharing all of that here
in the videos and on yeah on day-to-day
basis as as I'm making the moves I just
did a portfolio update here as well so
again check this out if you're
interested all right so let's go back
here and let's start off
with let's start off with um Tex talks
because KQ and spy are derivatives of
these big cap stocks and so then it
makes more sense to talk about them
later right the QQ and spy so as for
Microsoft starting off with
this what we are seeing is that we have
been in an uptrend higher highs higher
lows we have still the pivots um on this
uptrend the structure pretty much
changed since the time I started talking
about that guys we have gotten above
this level of 397 that was the time that
structure has started to change take
partial profits out in these areas guys
okay uh and again you can try reloading
in the pullbacks as long as we are in
the uptrend so that's what brings me to
what is the structure and until where
can the structure stay bullish so note
that this was the previous distribution
phase right this
area we are right over there in the
distribution phase however we are still
bullish guys this is just just a pivot
right now the level of 418 on
Microsoft as long as we are above that
structure is still bullish if we start
to lose
418 I would start expecting some
structure weakness come down to
410 Microsoft be careful with this
though since it is about 50 and 20 days
moving average those might be just
intraday cool offs or a day or two of
cool
offs this won't change the structure to
the
bearishness if Microsoft loses
410 then things will start to look
weaker again on the swing side and but
yes so intraday may turn into swing but
well only if we start to lose 4180 a
weakness may start to come in but until
that is not happening we are still in
the bullish territory on the swing side
on intraday you can trade both sides on
intraday and uh my indicators helps in
that already if you need access to my
indicators links on the description
below now for intraday one more thing to
note here with Microsoft guys just
because we have a lower high
right you have a pivate line here
already already to follow all right
now if we get above well
$420 range we might start to recapture
structure back again to the upside
through choppiness and may start to go
higher up again but if we reject 420 and
this trend line so you can see on
intraday we are
downtrending so if we continue to follow
this structure on intraday rebounds on
this are a candidate to be shoted or to
play to the
downside and then you are seeing this
level of 418 I'm seeing a lot of Wicks
here guys so potentially this case may
happen that we may go up and reject at
420 come back down but try to form a
double bottom here at 480 and eventually
again we have to see the price I'm just
providing a one potential use case that
may happen here just because I'm seeing
this Wix over here but I also know that
market all in all was bought back up so
it has to do with that as well so but
we'll talk about that in just a second
but that's your Microsoft guys all right
let's take a look at
Apple so Apple has been trending up and
up after gapping up and you know holding
this 200 days moving
average
so well if if any cool look pull well uh
after these extensions you know
pullbacks can
come remember though it's going to be in
an uptrend there will be there is a
potential of pull back all the way down
to 187.50 cents if that comes if we lose
that as well then that cool off may come
until 20 days moving average but that
will keep it bullish still so this
pullback may result
into this thing stabilizing still again
around
184 until then intraday cool offs may
come on Apple otherwise guys yeah this
is in full on in an uptrend let's take a
look at hourly interval as well on this
thing yeah yeah that's what I thought so
uh quite quite bullish
still uh but yeah since it's slowing
down a little bit over here if it loses
50 hours moving average intraday cool
offs maybe played to the downside just
but wait for the 50 hours moving average
to to lose its grip over there and let
me actually check real quick here
something and just for this purpose let
me do the intraday depth level medium
yep that's fine let me do high I'm just
trying to see yeah here we go watch this
level here guys the level off of 189
and6 this range if we lose the range of
189 let me draw this box here we go this
box this is for
intraday if we lose this box you can
expect some cool off as I was talking
about down to the level of 187 but uh
that's would be the it the cool off
because we are still technically in a
bullish structure we have gotten out of
a major resistance level of
8660 so that's the zone to watch as a
potential support as if acts and we'll
have to see the price section there if
it starts to hold support and if it
stays above 50 20 hours moving average
189 and 98 cents and starts to go higher
this thing can make it way to the next
level of 191 almost all right that's
your Apple let's take a look at Google
Google has been just defying the gravity
guys this thing is in a full on uptrend
this is a new all-time high on this
already let's
see let me go in the past yep we are at
alltime high Skies
um yeah it's it's again
like if it loses the level of 174 and 69
cents some cool again cool offs are like
pullbacks okay they can give you intra
day short plays nothing more than that
don't treat them as swing because on
swing guys the structure is still
bullish
we were talking about this cool off and
then I said that um expect a buying if
it happens it has to happen at 160 and
15 cents it happens above that actually
the seller buyers didn't even let it
come down there and then this has been
constantly following and having finding
support at 20 days moving average so
things are not bearish guys things
things are bullish on Google as
well
Amazon so so Amazon guys
is well this cool off I was talking
about we can come down to 20 days moving
average I talked about it from
18979 cents down to this 20 days moving
average we got that now that's that's it
okay here it's again at a deciding place
that if it holds 20 days moving average
breaks out about 18486 cents it can
continue higher because cool off is
complete right but now we are though the
structure is still bullish structure on
the swing will only turn bearish if we
start to lose this 20 and 50 days moving
average otherwise no Amazon is still
bullish right now I will be buying an
ETF of Amazon uh eventually not right
now markets are at all-time Highs but
when I do I'll cover this in my this
dividend investing Channel a junior
Trader this channel of mine where you're
seeing this video this is more like
active Trading technical analysis and
across multiple Industries these are
like active trading stocks uh channel uh
my junior trade sorry my junior Trader
dividend investing channel is uh for um
dividend based buying building portfolio
it's uh it's not something that uh it's
not an active trading portfolio it's a
it's a buy hold I still do technical
analysis on this where that's the places
I'm only buying like YSL I bought when
there was an opportunity in the
technicals on Tesla stop and then but
I'm not selling off these positions if
structure changes this is more like me
building the position here this is
dividend based right so it's more like
growing the portfolio with right entries
and then uh building a dividend based
portfolio so uh yeah check this channel
out guys there you will learn different
strategies like what to do in active
trading strategies that I already cover
and then because uh the the also the
difference is the way of capital
allocation like in active trading I
allocate lot more Capital because I'm
taking advantage of moves and then the
capital allocation in dividend investing
is a a bit different because it's not
active trading so you are you know uh SE
separating your portfolio in a different
way again I'm you know going on a
different tangent here but uh just
saying that yeah just check out this
channel if you interested to see me
growing the dividend based portfolio as
I'm building that all right so that was
Amazon guys over here uh let's take a
look at meta So Meta this rebound that
we were talking about we got that now
meta is a little bit this is where I
said that you know this is where the
possibility is of this coming back up
here now here's the
thing I would wait and hold uh I mean
when I say hold I mean no position but
what I'm saying is that meta is going to
go down again if it loses $460
level if it doesn't do that this is
still a pivot guys and if it start to
break above 476 again expect this thing
to continue higher very simple with
meta
Netflix um and
Netflix this thing is trying to go up
well guys this is it like if we don't
lose this level of 609 and 24 cents if
we don't lose this 50 days moving
average the thing is that it's not
bearish in the structure we have 20 days
moving average coming from underneath we
have a uh blue box sitting there that's
the support of the distribution previous
distribution
phase so this thing is trying to go
higher unless and until we don't start
to lose these structures like you know
$69 yeah this thing will and can remain
bullish still all right let's go to kikq
and spy now so starting off with nasda
100 KQ over
here uh we have been talking about that
how structure has been bullish since
over the time over here we started to
form these pivots and I talked about
that this time it's most likely going to
crush through this uh distribution phase
Zone The Box blue box the distribution
support prior and then resistance but
then eventually we start to form a
higher pivot so yes we got that and uh
similar case you will see in spy as well
but over here we have uh yeah the
structure is still bullish guys some
weakness will only come in QQ if it's
starts to lose 448 at least on the swing
side that will just be a cool off though
let's say to the level of 441 that's not
swing bearish because 20 and 50 days
moving average are coming from
underneath but for any continuation in
the cool off we have to see it break
below 448 first otherwise it's in an
upturn it can just continue higher so
let's go to the hourly interval here and
I'll have to adjust something here on my
indicator let's do that here we
go all all
right so this one particular candle that
came on Friday this buying that happened
you can see that like things were
selling off but guys during the first
test usually at 50 days moving average
things usually get bought back up and
yeah they they literally got bought back
up from any like a move on of $2 or two
points on a thing like kikq is quite
impressive in itself so here's the thing
if kikq continues to break above 20
hours moving average from here or 452
and 24 cents expect this thing on
intraday continue
higher if we lose this 50 hours moving
average stays below 20 hours moving
average it's right at that precipitous
at that pivotal moment then you can
expect downside again on this
but it I this just this candle sitting
here just makes me a little bit nervous
on the downside because that means the
buyers are sitting here at least in the
near term
so we will see this might chop around
slow down or go
up stronger downside little bit is
questionable here just because of this
candle here guys in the price
action spy let's take a look at that
let's go to the Daily
interval first right so Spy Guys
similarly as I have been saying you know
that uh as if Bulls can hold this pivots
over here they will shoot it up to
alltime high as we got that well level
by level right we were talking about
okay this is the next level to watch for
55 we kept seeing price action keep
supporting that uptrend so things have
been going up time to take positions are
down here and time to take profits are
size out at these important levels right
and once the structure starts shifting
whatever remainder position you have
it's time to then fully get out that's
the way to
trade um
so spy is still bullish as long as we
are not breaking below 500 24 even if we
break that it's not going to become
fully bearish it may cool off to
518 but that's where the next possible
support may come so spy may hang around
here for quite good time if it wants to
otherwise it's just going to continue
higher let's take a look at hourly
interval as well and pretty much the
same just how we got that candle on kikq
on Friday in the last hour almost the
last hour we got that on spy as well
over here so spy technically is still
holding a bullish structure if get above
530 this can continue
higher um I would be only comfortable
trading this to the downside on intraday
as well if he loses 528 then we can get
524 but if we are not breaking that yeah
I'm not in the camp of trading it short
I might just I mean leave it alone but
it's mostly either going to stay
sideways or go up uh I don't well again
level by level if we lose 528 then much
more downside can come that will be
though a cool of a sh on intraday only
on swing the structure is still very
bullish just remember that intraday may
turn into swing you can accordingly
build a position size in size out at the
levels um if the structure changes right
so again that's all what you have to do
it's up to you I'm just providing the
structure the strength the opinion in
the price section and the structure and
all under educational context nothing is
financial
advice guys well that's it for this
video If you found it helpful valuable
please hit the like And subscribe and
with that
also yeah don't forget to check out my
other channel and if you need access to
my tools links are in the description
below all the tools that you see on my
videos I have two indicators two trading
Bots and Ball Street alerts links you
will find in the description below of
this video all right with that I'll see
you my next videos guys take care bye
