good day fellow investors there are
three topics that I want to discuss
today my investing performance since
2018 the investing opportunity I see now
and also the investing strategy that I
think is best to apply in this current
environment and we'll discuss two stocks
as examples Liberty Media Sirius XM and
apple because I have never been this
convinced after six years of running my
research plan form that this is the best
time and it is from a fundamental risk
and reward whatever perspective this is
the best time to check what I'm doing
and see if such a strategy and
investment process is something for you
let's immediately start with the
performance since 2018 now if you check
my research platform there are now free
portfolios that I run one is the
Diversified research platform portfolio
that I recently launched because of the
high requests for me managing such a
portfolio and it's working okay but it
is pretty recent then we have my own
personal money that I don't want to
attach to any strategy when it comes to
investing so that's my money I show what
I do but no strategy no promises if I
need money I can sell something to buy
something privately so I just show what
I do my goal is to create a compounding
machine over time that will give me
Financial Freedom and you can follow
that to here but what I want to discuss
is the model portfolio that has been
there since the research platform launch
in May of
2018 so now we are six years in and it
is good to discuss that when it comes to
investing this has all been updated this
week so this snip was taken before I did
the last transaction and updates don't
worry but the strategy is value
investing looking for Global
opportunities and usually mostly fully
invested the value of the portfolio now
is
3,818 and it has been launched with some
changes over time but nothing structural
5,000 start
€250 monthly additions and that has been
adjusted since May
2018 value investing I'm looking for
compounding at businesses at hopefully
higher than 10% per year we look for
Global opportunities we do a monthly
purchase with the
€250 and as I said fully invested so if
I put that into the government's
calculator the initi investment the
monthly contributions 6 years and the
estimated rate of
99.8% I get to the value of the current
portfolio compared to the contributions
and here in the model portfolio my
performance was
99.8% not great but not bad either I did
not beat the
market in the last six years and that's
all also something I want to discuss
because given the situation with the
model portfolio I would give me a mark
let's say a four out of 10 for the last
six years I did okay I hope 10% 99.8%
per year is not something that research
platform members will hold against me
over time but six years have passed I
have learned a lot I have also developed
those psychological traits necessary to
invest to manage people's money
expectations and there have also been a
lot of mistakes that I think are the
childish let's say diseases that we have
survived with the research platform and
we are still playing and will keep on
rolling I think much better than in the
past in the future so this is a video as
it was all a process I started started
from scratch back in May
2018 this is a video discussing my five
huge investing mistakes despite we made
10% per year this is one reason my
mistake was that I was catering too much
doing research and thinking that I need
to find something to invest in every
month for my audience putting that into
the research platform portfolio and
always doing something something and
that was one of the big lessons
sometimes you just have to do less
rather than more plus if we go to my
research platform if you go to the
curriculum here you have the current
research platform so everything that
matters is in the first thread on top
but then below it you have things for
reference return something that I like
to keep everything was published and
look what has been done in the last six
years this
is, thousands of pages of research
reports of analysis of compounding
research and knowledge about Investments
I can't believe how much has been done
and it all started in 2018 with the
solar sector analysis that we did okay
on and the thing is that I should have
had this research done six years ago of
course it is a process when you're
trying to build something you cannot
expect Perfection from the bet on so I
launched it and now I could say now it
is a really good quality platform that
justifies the work and of course the
price on it feel free to check it out
just to compare again to the sap 500
the key here is okay 13% per year but if
I adjust the S&P 500 for valuation so
the p ratio was 22.5 in 2018 now it's
27.84 if I adjust that then at the same
valuation the market would be down for
around the 10% return so we would be
equal there but that's exactly my point
here and why the strategy the investing
strategy is much different here look at
this the dividend yield of the S&P 500
is
1.38% my portfolio is focused on those
cash flows those businesses creating
dividends over time some will give uh 7%
we have now some will maybe give 10% at
the end of the year some 50% but those
are special situations if you want to
check but I'll give you another examp
example on how I am investing and why I
think that over the long term for
compounding wealth for long-term
investors this is the best way to invest
we don't depend on the FED printing
money we don't depend on valuations
going up or down of course that helps
over time but you focus on the cash
flows not on stocks are going up I just
want to give you an example here on the
platform so you can check here all the
covered stocks that I follow more in
detail then if something gets more
attractive I go back to it and a recent
addition to my Diversified portfolio was
Sirius XMS Liberty Media and let me just
quickly explain what's going on there to
just show you what is my focus when it
comes to investing so this fit the
Diversified portfolio with the half
position so not a full position yet but
something that we will cover over time
set clar owns it birkshire too so it is
a value investment and Buffett owns more
than 10% of the company and I just want
to discuss here quickly what's going on
to show you how this works so the merger
it's not merger Arbitrage is just
buying the cash flows not merger
Arbitrage that Buffett is doing he
doesn't want to sell it he's just buying
the cash flows on the discount and I
think that I have calculated 10 billion
for the whole company and now the cash
flows are
1.5 billion that's 11.5% those cash
flows should grow to 1.4 and that's a 14
15% free cash flow yield on top of being
installed in almost all cars in the US
so that something there is the risk 3.2
billion of thatt but if Buffett and
claran like the infrastructure they
likely think it's worth more that is the
risk and reward there so here just an
example as they lower the debt over the
next few years they might start paying a
dividend we have seen other Liberty
Holdings restructuring simplifying
paying money and that is what Malone
might be doing there of course you can
read more about that on the platform and
such opportunities 10 to 15% cash flow
yields on businesses that are stable
have those stable cash flow years is the
opportunity of 2024 and whatever happens
to interest rates there are some with
catalysts unlocking values that's why
I'm saying it has never looked as good
from a risk and reward perspective as
now no
to continue on the first topic today
about the investment strategy what kind
of investment strategy you have defines
your long-term risk and reward the
stress you are having when it comes to
managing your portfolio investing how
you approach and how you also deal with
Market fluctuations and now we have had
Warren Buffett selling Apple a big chunk
of it and perhaps he will sell more and
why is he selling because of risk and
reward because the reward at a p ratio
of 28 is around 3% the dividend yield is
ridiculous and he doesn't want to take
that risk for virtual shareholders on
such a big position in the portfolio
therefore he started dreaming his
portfolio and that's exactly what I want
to discuss we have 10 to 15% cash low
yields versus 3% that Apple Now is
offering and Buffett has started
streaming because when it comes to
investing as we discussed in our value
investing Concepts video investing is
about price now versus value where the
value is the present value of all the
cash flows the compan is going to give
you from now till Judgment Day Apple's
cash flows yes they are making a 100
billion a year but that is 3% compared
to the market cap 3% and not really
growing plus they are doing these huge
BuyBacks 110 billion stock buyback and
these BuyBacks are exactly what Warren
Buffett doesn't like the thing with
BuyBacks is that if you spend BuyBacks
at a 3% buyback yield that means that
you think that your stock will forever
be valued equally at a p ratio of 30 or
higher if the p ratio of Apple goes back
to 15 or 10 like it has been the case in
2016 you just need four quarters of
underperformance then all those BuyBacks
are money thrown money given to whom
when a company does BuyBacks the money
is given to the one selling who has been
selling Apple stock Warren Buffett he
decided okay now is the time to make
money on what apple is giving me so he's
making money on those BuyBacks these
billions are going to Warren E Buffett
and that is finally his move now maybe
he promised Charlie not to sell while
he's alive but that's something that is
now going on and if we look at Apple
it's a company that has seen no no
growth for the past three and something
years stable cash flows but stable cash
flows and no growth at 3% yield while
you have 5% from us treasuries this is
investing so Warren Buffett prefers this
than this at the p ratio of 30 this is
100% sure this is very risky and risk
and reward are the key for Investments
and if you compare it here yes they are
keeping the stock high as high as
possible but I will not invest in a
consumer business where yes the cash
flows look stable but maybe in five
years those will not be as stable there
will be ups and downs and that's the
risk and reward I prefer more certain
cash flows for the long term and then
building a portfolio around it don't
forget there is a 21 day moneyback
guarantee you can send me an email
invest withen gmail.com if you have any
questions feel free to ask feel free to
check the platform give it two weeks to
see how the weekly emails are going the
updates we have Alibaba to update next
week with earnings and see how that fits
you how that knowledge about those
specific businesses you read something
every week that know knowledge compounds
you start to understanding the business
and then you start understanding at what
price such a business fits you thanks
for watching I'm looking forward to your
questions I'll see you in the next video
