hello everybody and welcome to the
cyclical investors Club YouTube channel
my name is Corey Kramer today we're
going to be taking a look at Apple stock
and chub stock the insurance
company um was recently announced that
Burkshire waren Buffett and Berkshire
hathway had been buying chub over the
past couple
quarters um that they had been keeping
uh confidential so that they could build
a position and at the same time we
learned that um Berkshire had been
selling some of their Apple shares so I
thought it would be an interesting video
to take a look at the valuation of chub
compared to apple to maybe give
investors um some insight into you know
what might be going on in terms of why
chub is looking a little bit better than
Apple right
now um as always this is not individual
investment advice this is just how I
analyze stocks um if you do have a
request you'd like me to take a look at
just put it down in the comment section
this one did not come in by request I
just U made it up myself because I
thought it was an interesting
topic um and I'll also have links to um
patreon and um uh 25% or off discount to
fast graphs which is the one of the
graphing Services I'm going to use here
in this video down in the description if
you're interested in those okay so let's
start off with chub first it it was just
released I think that Brookshire has
been building um a stake in the
company and it was also announced before
the annual meeting last week that uh
they had been selling some of their
Apple shares so I thought it would be
pretty interesting I went and ran the
numbers on chub just to see what um
Buffett might have been looking at when
he was looking at it and it actually
came in like just as kind of a classic
Buffet purchase which I thought was
interesting and um I thought it make
would make sense to kind of compareed to
chub so if we look at the fast graph
here um so Buffett I think was buying
back
I think it was the past couple quarters
so let's call it in between 200 and 250
a share
probably um was probably when they were
building kind of their position
here so after it was announced that um
he had been buying it it went up from
like 245 to I think today it's even up
to 272 so um it's gotten a big bump
since then but he was buying it when it
was a little bit cheaper than it is
right now so that's important to keep in
mind uh the other thing is uh chub's an
insurance company it said it's based in
Switzerland it's kind of a global
insurer um and this is a bus business
that probably nobody knows better than
Buffett so he's very familiar with um
the insurance business and how it works
and the risks and rewards that can go
along with it um I on the other hand I'm
a little bit more cautious with
insurance companies um which will come
into play here in a minute when we talk
about why I didn't buy chub um around
the same time Warren was buying him so
what I have here is a graph of since
2016 um through today and while earnings
are expected to fall a little bit the
last three years they've been really
going much higher and then they're
expected in 2025 and 2026 to maybe be
like 10% or so maybe a little less than
10% um in terms of earnings growth so if
we look at Apple oh and the PE is about
12 even after the rise in um in price I
would
say probably when they were building the
position the PE was probably closer to
10 the forward PE was probably closer to
10 uh for chub so if we look at Apple on
the other
hand over the same time frame we
basically have we have this huge Year
from covid stimulus okay if we take that
out also 2018 was the tax cut year but
if we basically go back to
2019 um or we kind of average all these
together since 2016 and we just exclude
this one earnings growth has only been
like high single digits basically for
apple and they've been buying back a ton
of stocks so actually earnings growth
has been if you exclude the stock
BuyBacks has been like single digits to
Flat um if we exclude the the this um
bump that they have here now the good
thing is they have been able to maintain
this it didn't fall back down um which I
actually thought might happen but you
know they have enough Services revenue
and they've been able to keep those
customers and and convert them to more
Apple products so that's allowed them to
kind of maintain basically the earnings
growth that they got during Co which is
good but really Apple's earnings growth
is pretty flat honestly I'm going to
assume it's 10% because I try to be
um kind of if I if I feel if it looks
pessimistic I try to be optimistic and
if it looks too optimistic sometimes I
take more pessimistic view but it
basically trades at like a 30p so it's
three times more expensive just not
including earnings growth um as chub so
let's look at my spreadsheet here and
compare the two of them so I assume that
chub is going to grow earnings um this
is based on the 20 earnings since about
2016 for these guys and then for Apple I
told you I I was generous and assumed
10% earnings growth um so earnings
growth is pretty similar for both of
them chubs my assumption is they'll grow
a little bit slower but not too much
revenue growth kind of tells the story
this is the past threeyear Revenue
growth for apple is about 10% it's three
times faster for
chub um so that that kind of shows
you in terms of like Topline growth
chub's actually growing vast has been
growing faster than
Apple
um now so this is where the like the
valuation comes in so that puts chub on
a if we assume they earn
2175 so let's Apple I have at
658
oops I just want to check um just want
to check that earnings number real quick
so 217 5 is what we're expecting for
chub in earnings going for forward
earnings
okay um that translates
to let me move my head here real
quick to about a 12 PE all right 12 and
a half PE so that brings chub's earnings
yield at about
6.87% and Apple's earnings yield because
the PE is so much higher over 30
um to only
3.39% uh okay so the way to think about
this is and we're going to look at them
side by side so you can kind of see the
difference if you bought chub for $100
they would make about
$687 in earnings on that $100 um from
their business Apple would make about
$33.39 on that
$100 Now using my estimates this $339
would would grow at 10% while this 687
would only grow at 7.7% so this is a
lower starting number but it's going to
grow a little bit
faster um and this is a higher starting
number but it's going to grow a little
bit slower on that
$100 so what I want to see is over time
how much a business owner could collect
and earnings from these two Investments
given the assumptions that I've just
laid out and I would say the the
assumptions are
um pretty optimistic for Apple but you
know they could invent some new product
or whatever that we are not thinking
about right now or maybe Vision Pro
takes off or something they're pretty
good at uh coming up with new stuff so
it's possible that over the next 10
years they come up with something that
kind of Spurs more growth and we just
don't know what it is so I'm giving them
credit for that um but if we take these
assumptions and we work them out for 10
years to see how much money we would
collect over that time if you started
with $100 in chub you would end with 205
if you started with with $100 in apple
you would end with
159 and when you convert that to a
keger um you get a
4.78% keger for apple and a 7.48% keger
for
chub now my threshold for a buy here is
8% and at
$249 chub would have been at 8% so that
was actually about the price that and
Below where Buffett was buying it um so
he's kind of probably using some similar
type of valuation process um whereas
Apple the returns are nearly half that
so you could even pay taxes on your
Apple and still have enough margin of
safety left over to buy some chub um
where the future returns are better now
I think the obvious question here would
be Corey why didn't you buy why didn't
you buy chub you track it uh you're
probably looking at it well at the time
my earnings growth was a little bit less
than that um they've come in a little
bit better since I updated it so that
was one reason but the main reason was
right now I have my recession parameters
on and so you can see I used the blend
of 2009 and 200 uh 20 uh for my
recession expectation which we haven't
had um and
so I was uh aiming to to get a l
potential lower price uh but the
standard price would have been just fine
now buffets doesn't really do that he
doesn't kind of his he has the prices
that he wants whether it's recession or
not he's looking at the very long term
and as long as he can get the price that
he wants that's what he'll do especially
when he has a lot of cash that he wants
to put to work so and chub his options
are a lot more limited than mine I mean
chub has like a multi hundred billion
dollar market cap right so it's the
market cap is 100 billion
dollar um so Buffett can put money to
work there where whereas and Apple's
like in the trillions now um whereas I
can invest in really small companies
that he just can't so I have more
opportunities I can be pickier I can aim
for lower prices and I think once he's
on about 20% cash he's really looking to
whatever opportunities he can get if he
thinks he can get an 8% plus inflation
return on a solid business that he
understands he's going to do it and I
think that's what he did um and when the
returns of Apple huge position right now
for birkshire are looking um pretty low
and then there's also China risk
involved I think the combination of
those two things together um just made
chub look like a better
investment so it's really that simple I
mean and that's why I decided to make
this video because it's just it really
shows you the power of running the
numbers having evaluation
process um and like this doesn't look
like much of a difference but when you
compound this out over 20 years or
something I mean it's a huge
difference um so you know Warren would
triple his money potentially from the
earnings of chub over that time and I'm
not sure well we can
see let's just look in my spreadsheet
and see how long it would take
to I don't go all the way out I think I
only go to 20 years on this chart yeah
so yeah I would take you
uh in 20 years you would triple your
money with apple but you would quadruple
it
which a little bit more than that
actually
so um that's a big
difference right and uh especially when
you're looking at the very long term
like I'm sure um in general just when
you're projecting out Warren's probably
doing so hopefully you found this useful
let you get into the mind of what Warren
thinking um and you know why I didn't
particularly buy it I'm also a little
bit cautious with insurance companies um
but and you can think about how just
make making sure you have a process of
kind of making sure the numbers work and
when they get really far apart like
apple and chub it's okay to take some
money from the business that that's
really priced High valuation is very
High to one that where the valuation is
not super cheap but enough where you can
make a very solid Dependable amount of
money um if you found this video useful
hit the Subscribe button hit the like
button um I'm putting out about five
analysis videos a week now um and I'll
see everybody later
