Bookshare Cuts Apple investment by about
133% Warren Buffett dumps 133% of Apple
steak right before the $110 billion buy
back Bookshare pass huge Apple STI as
both cash and operating profits set
records these headlines flooded
mainstream Outlets from CNBC to Reuters
sered H right out of the oven as
Bookshare held its AGM on the fourth of
May so when digging into the details the
Val of b share state in apple actually
fell 22% to $135 billion as of March
31st compared to 174 billion at the end
of 2023 so that's a change or Delta of
roughly 40 billion dollar can we take a
moment to appreciate how big this number
is it's roughly the entire market
capitalization of Hershey yam brands or
msci in one quarter So based on changes
in Apple's stock price bck share appears
to have sold about 115 million shares in
one quarter ending with around 790
million Apple shares today so this move
from Bufford actually raises eyebrows
amongst the investing Community as
everyone starts to speculate and also
guess the intentions behind this
maneuver and this sale so some actually
speculate that Warren Buffett might
think that apple is currently overvalued
given its circumstances others say that
Apple's mode might not be as strong as
previously given its recent slowdown in
sales and also its complicated
relationship with China and some even
talk about the potential concentration
risk as it takes up too much of B shar's
Investment Portfolio While others say
that Buffett is trying to beef up his
War chess because the entire Market
seems to be overvalued and he might be
waiting for an opportune time to stri
again so you know what else is worth
striking the like button of course so I
think it's a Once in a-lifetime
Opportunity so don't miss this
out whatever it is let's hear straight
from the horses's mouth um last year you
mentioned Coca-Cola and American Express
being berkshire's two long duration
partial ownership positions and you
spent some time talking about the virt
virtues of both these wonderful
businesses in your recent shareholder
letter I noticed that you have excluded
Apple from this group of businesses have
you or your investment manager views of
the economics of Apple's business or its
attractiveness as an investment changed
since Berkshire first invested in
2016 uh no I would the but we have so
shares and uh I would say that at the
end of the year I would think it
extremely likely that that
uh that uh Apple is the largest common
stock holding we have
now one interesting thing is that uh
Charlie and
I uh looked at Common Stocks or
marketable equities or the things that
people love to look at as being uh
businesses and so when
we when we own a Dairy Queen or we own
whatever it may be uh we look at that as
a business and when we own
Coca-Cola uh or American Express or we
look at that as a business so the
question was pointed and clear he wants
to know if Buffett has changed his mind
on the mood and strength of Apple's
business so Buffett's response was
actually quite interesting although he
acknowledges Apple's mode he went on to
assert that he still expects Apple to be
the largest holding of bookshare's
portfolio to me that's basically a non
answer because apple is already such a
huge position and it will take Bufford a
lot of effort to trim it down so Bufford
can still sell another $50 billion worth
of Apple shares and it will still be the
largest position in his entire portfolio
discounting the cash position of course
so I'm not too sure why he actually made
that comment but in most investors mind
I think it's an intuitive conclusion if
it's a good stock you will buy it
because you expect the price to go up if
you sold a stock does it mean it's bad
so here's Buffett's response plus
something dramatically happens that
really changes Capital
allocation uh a strategy uh uh we we
will uh we will have apple as our
largest
investment uh but I don't mind at all
under current conditions building
uh the uh cash position I think uh when
I look at the alternative of what's
available in the equity markets and I
look at the composition of what's going
on in the world uh uh we find it quite
attractive and one one thing that may
surprise you but uh uh
we almost everybody I know pays a lot
more
attention uh to not paying taxes
uh uh then I think they should uh uh uh
it we we we we don't mind paying taxes
at
Burkshire and we are paying a 21%
federal rate on the gains were taking in
in uh apple and
uh that rate was 35% not that long ago
and it's been 52% in the in the past uh
when I've been operating and uh it uh
the government
owns the federal government owns a
part of the earnings of the business we
make they don't own the assets but they
own a percentage of the
earnings and uh uh they can change that
percentage any year and the percentage
that they
decreed currently is 21% and I would say
with the present fiscal
policies uh I think
that something has to give and I think
that the higher taxes are are quite
likely and
uh the government wants to take a
greater share of your income or mine or
burches uh they can do it
and uh uh they may decide that someday
they don't want the fiscal deficit to be
this large because that has some
important consequences and they may not
want to decrease spending a lot and they
may decide they'll take a larger
percentag of what we earn and we'll pay
it so from his response he gave two main
lines of reasoning first he don't mind
building a larger cash position second
he floated the idea of a potential Tech
hike in the coming future which could
impact the earnings of all the companies
that he owned clearly buffer doesn't
need more cash for other purposes he
wants more cash in this current interest
rate regime Alternatives like treasury
bills are offering more than 5%
risk-free and it gets harder to justify
the risk-taking premium unless there
really is great opportunities out there
in the market that's it Bookshare even
before this apple sale is already
sitting on a record cash P this time
after selling some Apple stocks it just
me another record number of nearly
$89 billion us so I get that they want
to build a fortress of a balance sheet
but it is also understandable why some
investors are speculating that Buffett
is foreseeing some turbulence in the
near future and thus preparing his War
chest who knows now it's fun to
speculate and come up with conjectures
or hyp bis but I think that it should
stop there rather than spending most of
your time thinking about what other
people think the time would be better
spend when focusing on the underlying
business because you will never be able
to know what Bufford is really thinking
about unless you on his speed down as
the saying goes people sell a stock for
a thousand and one reasons but they buy
for only one so when tracking the
activity of BU share halfway over the
last 18 months the last time they added
to their apple position was back in q1
of 2023 adding 20.4 million shares and
the price range for that quarter is
between $130 to $165 per share so take
this information for whatever that it's
worth so when looking at Apple as a
company today the mode that they've
essentially built over the years is
easily identifiable brand Monopoly
Customer Loyalty High switching cost
barriers to entry economies of skill you
name it Apple has it all so the two key
problems that they currently face is
their complicated relationship with
China and their Capital allocation
strategy not only do they rely on China
for their production capacity they too
also rely for their domestic demand
currently Apple makes up around 18% give
or take of their total net sales from
their recent quarterly report and
considering the state of current Global
Affairs apple is really balancing on a
very very tight rad so earlier this year
it was announced that the iPhone market
share in China had slipped to 16% in
2024 falling to fourth place from a
second place in 2023 when it had a 19%
market share however Tim Cook did
address this concern in the latest
earnings saying that China iPhone sales
actually grew quarter on quarter and
he's still very very optimistic about
China for the long term so on the topic
of capital allocation Apple unlike other
big Tech counterparts did not have a a
sexy AI story to tell investors during
their earnings but instead they told us
to wait for the upcoming WWDC which is
the worldwide developer conference where
they will unveil what they have up their
sleeves so the biggest gift to
shareholders from the latest earnings
the largest share buyback program the
world has ever seen $110 billion worth
of capital return so share buyback may
sound like a good thing at first but it
is really only beneficial if the company
is a ble to buy back at a reasonable
price and preferably when the compan is
undervalued so some investors are
worried that Apple will la behind this
AI arms race and they don't seem to
trade reinvesting into this AI Arena
seriously at least not as seriously as
meta and Microsoft instead from the
outside apple looks like they're
focusing more of their efforts on
financial engineering propping up their
bottom line numbers rather than the
future developments and staying
competitive however
let's also not forget that Apple has
bought back more than 90 billion worth
of shares in 2018 2021 2022 and 2023 so
this buyback program in 2024 is not out
of the ordinary and throughout the
entire period since 2012 they've
increased their R&D expenditure every
single year so investors oft time forget
how profitable and desirable the Apple
brand Equity is enabling them to deliver
so much profits to shareholders so
according to our recent calculations we
think that Apple's intrinsic value
should be right around $150 to $170 per
share and even after that recent fall
it's still right around fair value so if
you're interested and how we get to our
intrinsic value calculations of
companies that we are interested to
invest in pan profits has a powerful
tool that helps you discover the right
price to enter these stocks so check out
our True Value Finder to find
undervalued in the link down below so
this is CK from piran profit signing off
till next time keep winning
[Music]
[Applause]
