have you heard that Apple TV is money
laundering have you heard ever heard
people say that no because there's just
like the quality of the quality of shows
on Apple TV so I am a new I'm a new
convert to Apple TV like the TV shows
have like $150 million budgets the new
one they put out is about Thomas
Jefferson it looks like it was shot in
the 1700s and they're parading him
around France they must have hundreds of
extras and I'm going this is on Apple TV
12 people are going to see this like so
so people are convinced that Apple's
using it as some kind of money
laundering you know just to to get some
of the money off the books yeah we make
TV shows they go live over there but
Apple TV did roll out a feature that I
think is really interesting a couple
months ago which is they've started to
license movies from other Studios just
to kind of help populate the the service
and something that's really interesting
about it is that it only licenses like
30 movies and they sit there for a month
and that's it but because they're only
giving you 30 there's no choice
paralysis
