talk about of course is time sensitive
now if you want to stick around we'll do
a quick Q&A answer all your questions
best my abilities and we'll go from
there let's see Edward
Fox best profile pick picture out there
crypto tourist since
2016 that's uh not even remotely true
Ed's been here for a long time that mean
as far as like two 2016 if you got in
2016 there's no way no tourism no
tourism passes for any body
so Ed and
j2day Mike Los
monana Jackie golfer aisel or Plato you
guys are the ones that I rely on to make
sure that the new people that are coming
in don't get screwed over and uh try to
get some good advice so they don't go
crazy with this like we all did when we
first came
in no way
oh do you think we'll see a Sal ETF now
could
be but remember like institutions it's
always been Bitcoin ethereum always as
far as like where they want to get into
and and what they're interested in
however there is a thing from coin
shares which takes a look at over the
last six months how much flow is going
into salana verse
ethereum it might reverse now for the
ETF and there was a
hman thank you for this just in the SEC
and firms exchanges it is leaning
towards approving a spot ethereum
ETFs Baron's reports by Watcher Guru
take Watcher Guru with
a dash ass
Sal let's find
out I don't really see it
yet but let's say it is let's say that's
true great I mean the chances of the
ethereum ETF being approved yesterday
two days ago was around 20% maybe 30 I
think it was even only coinbase it said
40% only them I think there was like one
or two other people out there that said
yeah it's definitely getting approved
but after yesterday it went from 70 it
went to 75 to 80% so everybody's
happy jocky crypto Rob what the heck is
tu's problem needs to pull his thumb out
of his a so
tuker it's just a very entertaining show
I own the token I would like it to go up
but it looks like it's let's see how bad
is
it how bad is it as we you have to
appreciate uh the the market that is
crypto digal assets we we talk about
institutions and and trillion dollar
market caps and institutions that are
getting in to have like billions of
dollars I
mean Black Rock has what is it 10
trillion or something like that and then
we go from that to talk about meme coins
in in a single breath so let's see
tuker tuker is down three 5% let's
see H what are you gonna do it's
entertaining
though you know how it goes jockey of
crypto you don't like something uh or
actually you like something and the
price goes up you're like I'm a genius I
knew it the whole time then when it goes
down everything else is pumping you're
like what the heck's going on I I don't
understand and then when it pumps again
you're like I knew it pump I knew it the
whole
time ah golfer I'll give the newbies
good advice but I'm also dumping my bags
them
I have to
agree and uh we even talk about that on
X we even talk about it here I always
tell you the same thing like there's the
reason have the rules there like it's
like with your kids you know you tell
them don't touch that don't touch that
you're going to let your kid yourself
you're gonna get burned you're gonna
fall and then they just do it like I
told you it's the same thing with the
with the tourists when they come in take
some profits cold storage devices don't
use leverage you're G to get wrecked
there you go so like I can tell we can
tell them till we're blue in the face
some will listen but most won't and if
uh you know if things get over
overheated and we take a look at the
indicators and it starts to drop off and
we start to oh maybe we should take some
profits and they decide to buy a massive
amount of bags I can't help that I'm
doing my job but I did tell everybody
I'll tell you again I'll dump on
everybody everybody in the comment
section who is watching this video if
you don't take profits I'll do it so
just think about that when you're
thinking yourself should I take some
profits on tomato coin
yes at some point
snck snack's a good I own some of
that if you like tuker then you'll like
ran mooner coin it's
funny yes exactly everyone should take
PRS without feeling guilty there's no
guilt here like didn't you do the hard
job mean did the hard job Andrew j2day
Aeris or Plato you guys all did the hard
the hard job which was making sure that
these crypto projects kept going by
investing into them by providing Capital
so they could keep doing their job in
building in the Bear right did the
tourists do anything no they just made
fun of you so I I don't feel bad at
all there has to be people be dumped
upon so don't spread the word too much
yeah but it's like it's just a it's just
a lesson that's
all life of Ry I wouldn't be surprised
to see a large pullback before the
election uh president the president's
election in United States which will
take place uh first week of November
post November we should be off for the
races and usually statistically if you
take a look at that uh the markets don't
like Vol uncertainty right so they like
certainty doesn't matter how good or how
bad it is usually if we take a look at
historical lessons you'll see that the
year of the presidential election it's
kind of all over the place then as we
start to get to the end of the year and
we figure out oh it's going to be this
President then things kind of calm down
and the next year you usually the market
takes off it's no coincidence that these
fouryear Cycles in crypto follow the
presidential election Cycles as well
just take a look at him and then you'll
even see that in unfortunately Wars so
what happened with the Iraq War same
thing what happened with Afghanistan
war oh okay I'll I'll make this short
all right so I mean the whole thing
every I got to go because there's
somebody here to to service this green
screen all right everybody thanks so
much I'll see you on the next one bye
