breaking news bitcoin's volatility
dropped to the lowest level in 4 years
this right here is the Comm before the
storm every single time that Bitcoin is
broken from this volatility it marks the
largest move of the year the past time
that we had volatility this low we had a
75% rally back here in 2023 in 20124 the
beginning of 2024 our volatility dropped
below this level we had an 85% rally
came out of this green sometimes we come
out of these dips as red and we crash
see this color it came out of that
volatility as red 40% crash see this
volatility came out of here red 27%
crash is Bitcoin going to come out green
and have a huge Spike or is it going to
come out red and have a huge crash
either way this is the Cal before the
storm it only happens on average once
per year and our volatility hasn't been
this low in 4 years we're about to break
down the facts and leave you with a
clear message of what you should be
doing right now based on this comp
before the storm welcome I'm Steve here
we deliver honest sponsorship free ta
with genuine value subscribe for a no BS
approach that actually helps you
subscribe let's dig into it we're on
bitcoin US dollar Index and we are on
the weekly chart right above our heads
we have price action and we have these
boxes our red boxes indicate crashes
they correspond to these red breaks of
colors simply put at the bottom of our
screen represents our custom indicator
of the HV nvt representing our
volatility when our volatility drops
below this level at about 31 on its
scale happens about once per year when
we drop below here it's very noteworthy
to indicate the Cal before the storm and
when we break back above said yellow
line watch the color of the indicator if
the color is green we pump like we did
here a 250% pump sometimes we break in
the color changes to red and we have a
crash like here a
63% crash it happens precisely at these
low volatility moments
the Cal before the storm right before a
large move happens and we happen to have
the lowest volatility level that we've
had since right here March 2019 what
happened in March 2019 is we had a 250%
rally why because we came out of that
break green it's all going to be what
color we come out of this ass now once
we start to break it down you can see
that when we had our 75% rally was back
here in 2023 it was the only time our
volatility had been below this this
yellow line in all of 2023 and we broke
out green and with green we had a 75%
rally to this next place where we
Consolidated here and then we followed
that up in early 2024 January 20124 just
dipping our head below this volatility
level of the 31 and we broke out green
and with that we had a 85% rally and
then we started consolidating again the
interesting thing is with our
consolidation this time it's forming
into a bull flag like we showed you in
the previous video said right here with
our level of resistance at the top our
level of support at the bottom you want
at least three touch points at the top
at least three touch points at the
bottom you want these channels to be
parallel into the the top of it to be
resistance and the bottom of it to be
support and you want it pointing down if
all of those things are true then you
have yourself a bull flag where the pole
is our previous rally up and the flag is
this downward pointing channel here once
you have that right it's often times
they break to the upside at the same
time we showed you in the previous video
that we're getting ready to have a
stochastic RS I cross which looks like
it will happen within the next handful
of weeks so that is the thing that could
Propel Bitcoin to potentially have a
green coming out of here which would
spell rally tilt your phone to the side
and subscribe but again let's break down
some more facts what we can also see is
for our volatility we're in this really
deadly formation long term now I don't
want to scare anybody out of your seats
but I do want to present the facts in an
honest and open way and if I want to do
that I need to show you the whole
history dating back to
2013 you see in 2013 we made this high
and then we made this lower high and
then we made this lower high in 2018
then we followed that up with another
lower high in 2020 then we followed that
up ler low another lower high in 21 then
another lower high in 22 and 23 and then
here we are in 24 with' yet another
lower high what you see here is called a
descending triangle it's a triangle and
it's going down hence the descending
triangle these often times break to the
downside in other words we have 11 years
of data here forming a descending
triangle for the past 11 years
representing our volatility in the
market and it's a downtrending triangle
right a descending triangle often breaks
to the downside which means that we
could be in a period coming up with
remarkably low volatility if this breaks
to the downside yes our volatility goes
into the negative right you can see our
channel here actually goes into the -24
-25 -30 -40 you can see our volatility
has never been down into the negatives
in the history of Bitcoin in fact if you
look at it on a scale-wise we're we're
at one of the lowest levels we've ever
been in our volatility right if you look
at it 2019 had one of our lowest
volatilities as as well as 2016 right
you can see on the charts where were we
in 2016 we were up here right this is
the bottom of the market this is phase
one we were in phase two of the market
about to break into phase three of the
market keep in mind we're in phase three
of the bull right now as we speak when
we were at the lowest volatility before
it was right before phase three the
other time in the market was here right
at the bottom of our Market right before
we were about to have a
250% rally so these low volatility
moments are rare this is literally our
third lowest volatility in the history
of the data that we have in front of us
of more than a decade this is very very
noteworthy material I always mention
that for me if you guys don't know my
story I started trading in the stock
market when I was 16 right I got
destroyed however I learned so many
powerful lessons
one of the biggest things that Reigns
true is to try to go against the herd as
often as humanly possible it's
remarkably hard to do to go against the
high majority of people because of
emotion usually humans want to be with
the herd right if you ever go into a
city and you see a crowd gathering
around and they start chanting and
hooting hollering clap you want to go
there to see what's going on being
against the herd is to see that and then
go the other way what I want you to do
in trading is there's going to be a lot
of people oh my God you should buy this
you should trade this you should buy now
you should sell now you should do this
altcoin you should do I want you to
whatever the majority of people are are
yelling in your ear about I want you to
do the opposite plain and simple it's
very very difficult to do that I'm
dropping a bonus video showing love to
everyone who has my indicator bundle
Wednesday May 15th just watch your email
wait to see what I have to say some big
trades are lining up tilt your phone to
the side and subscribe what I want you
to start to think about is these comms
before the storm they don't happen often
and as you guys know I've been traveling
the world for the past 13 years I love
the beach I've lived at a lot of beaches
if you've ever been to the beach it's
rather windy right what you notice on
the beach when the wind is dead and
there's a quiet Eerie feeling that next
day there's always some powerful storm
that comes in destroys the beach it
happens every single time that's what's
about to happen to bitcoin something's
about to come in and just wipe
everything out watch this is the combo
before the storm it's quite literally
Based on data the third lowest
volatility that we've ever seen in
Bitcoin happening right before our eyes
but again the bigger picture is this
descending triangle will this affect
today tomorrow the next day no this is a
long drawn out 11-year descending
triangle but again we're getting to the
pressure cooker phase where we're in
this area here and typically once we get
into these areas here they typically
break to the downside just something to
watch and again as we start to head here
we're deep into May 2025 July 2025 uh
November 2025 this thing breaks in uh
the beginning of 2026 which 2026 is
projected to be a bare Market it's
projected to have the best buying
opportunities of you know the next
handful of years will be in 2026 the
stock market and crypto according to the
facts that I study but again I just
wanted to show you this not to scare you
but to educate you on what is actually
happening so now what should you be
doing right now what should be your
strategy right now we've got this low
volatility is we understand it's the
third lowest okay we could break out of
this green which means we go up we could
break out of this red which means we go
down we could break all together this
structure this descending triangle right
now which is again I I do not believe
it's likely yet we still have a lot of
room in this pressure cooker again I
showed you it goes through the rest of
24 and through all of 2025 and it breaks
in 2026 does that mean we make it right
to the end and then break no I'm just
giving you the facts that are here right
in front of our eyes so given all of
this what should you be doing right now
what I want you to realize is this is a
bull run plain and simple it's more
risky to be out of Bitcoin than in
Bitcoin what I want you to really watch
are two things I want you to watch this
twomon candle that was just printed and
I want you to watch the stochastic I
cross and that's it the stochastic r i
cross is going to try to win the game
for Bitcoin and this two-month candle is
saying already that it's going to be a
failed rally also we have some warning
signs in the charts from the weekly RSI
broke structure and made a lower low
which brok it structure and potentially
it's signaling to the market that our
next rally will be a failed rally so
we've got some warning signs in the
charts that our next rally will be a
failed rally and the only way that
Bitcoin can break that is for the RSI to
make a higher high into territories that
we haven't seen very often and that will
be led by the stochastic RSI so what you
want to do you don't want to be selling
and try to get cute and buy when it goes
lower that never works it's never worked
in the history of mankind that's only a
strategy of the herd it's never used by
professional traders in any way shape or
form but what you should be doing is
being strategic minimizing your risk
maximizing your reward and if you have
this indicator if you're wondering like
hey Steve I like this indicator if it
breaks out red it goes down if it breaks
out green it goes up I want this
indicator well I don't sell it this is a
custom indicator right A lot of my
students have this and I gave it to them
for free I don't sell this indicator but
it's it's a custom indicator and I'll
keep you up to date but what you should
be doing right now is being levelheaded
and watching the stochastic RI it's a
great time to buy happens one to three
times per year it's very rare it would
be hard not to make a little bit of cash
with that if your thoughts are well why
would I buy and potentially have it be a
fake out rally well because nobody knows
if it's going to be a fake out and if
you really believe in Bitcoin you should
buy in a bull market that has these big
Corrections plain and simple we've
fallen from
73,500 down to 50 whatever 56 these are
great opportunities to buy it would be
incredibly difficult to argue against
that this is a bull market so that's the
the strategy that I want you to have
remain levelheaded trade less be more
strategic money always moves from
impatient hands to Patient hands hit
that subscribe button I'll see you right
back here in the next video
this bull run is our road to half a
million subscribers but I need your help
today tell one person about our YouTube
channel how we spit facts go against the
herd take no paid sponsorships of any
kind road to Half A Millie let's go
