hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse today we're going
to talk about Bitcoin and we're going to
provide an update to the bull market
support band if you guys like the
content make sure you subscribe to the
channel give the video a thumbs up and
also check out into the cryptoverse
premium at into the cryptoverse decom
let's go and jump in so we have seen a
pretty nice move by Bitcoin back up this
past week it went up about
78% and this is in line with some of the
things we talked about in the sense that
his torically well at least last cycle
we saw Bitcoin stay above its bull
market sport band until Bitcoin
dominance had topped now that raises the
question well how do you know where
Bitcoin dominance has topped um I've
provided my reasoning many times over
the last two and a half years as to why
I don't think Bitcoin dominance has
topped I ultimately think it's probably
going to top somewhere around 60% so
because I think that I think it makes
sense for Bitcoin to you know still chop
around and and one of the reasons is
simply because when you think about you
know all Bitcoin pairs as long as
there's liquidity there Bitcoin can tap
into that liquidity to use as sort of
fuel to stay above its 20we SMA one
thing to remember last cycle in in 2019
just before rate Cuts arrived one thing
to remember is that e Bitcoin actually
bottomed
before Bitcoin fell below it's 20we
moving average right you see that pretty
clearly right eth Bitcoin bottomed
before Bitcoin fell below the 20we
estimate and it makes a lot of sense
when you think about it right it really
does because as long as people are
converting their eth to bitcoin Bitcoin
holds the line but
once everyone who's been convinced to
convert has already converted and you've
only now down to the people that are
going to hold no matter what once you
sort of reach that point where nowhere
no one is longer converting their eth to
bitcoin there's like a source of
liquidity that sort of dries up and then
Bitcoin Falls below the 2 week gu May
after all Bitcoin pairs bottom because I
don't think Bitcoin dominance is topped
yet it I mean it really does still seem
somewhat similar now that doesn't mean
Bitcoin can't run the highs I've said
that before I mean even last year we saw
something like that play out where you
know you had basically a and again
there's going to be a lot of people out
there that'll say can do more than run
the highs right and go much higher and
again like I I I've said before
I'm not going to try to stand in in in
the way I I just think heavy you know
Bitcoin heavy would make more sense than
altcoin heavy until dominance is it 60%
Bitcoin gives you more Expo or gives you
exposure to the upside it minimizes your
downside risk it's hard to say right I
don't have a crystal ball but even in
2023 you know Bitcoin started to get a
little bit of a rally here about week
nine or so right really about yeah
around week nine or so and from here you
know we last week was week nine and so
that that seems somewhat familiar right
and here you can see it actually ended
up sweeping the highs but there's
another Counterpoint though to sweeping
the highs and that's sort of your your
2019 rally where it didn't actually
quite make it to the high right it was
it ended up being a lower High um and
it's similar type of thing right I we
had we sort of had a June High a lower
high in July and then another lower high
in August so sort of three back to back
um three three these highs right one
month apart this
cycle theoretically just before rate
Cuts you also kind of have the same
thing right you have a high in March and
then you have this lower high in April
now if you connect it to the wick and
you take a um sort of a a a price label
that would get you around 70k maybe
between 70 to 71k if you connect it to
the the sort of the daily close that
would put you you know maybe slightly
above where we currently are but not a
lot you could also connect these dots
and say that's kind of right where we
are right now right connecting that dot
to that dot seeing that's where we are
but the point right the point is I look
I don't know where it's going to go in
the short term is the truth the point
though is that we talked about this a
lot where when you get into these trends
like when when Bitcoin is trending down
it is it is rallies often and it can
sometimes be dumped but it it what's
more effective to break all Bitcoin
pairs down are rallies by Bitcoin and
when you get back above that 8we SMA
just like you did in 2019 right we got
back above it right here we had a two-e
rally and this here during that two-e
rally Bitcoin dominance absolutely
soared during that twoe rally by Bitcoin
USD if we overlay Bitcoin dominance on
the chart you'll see what I'm talking
about right don't take my word for it
don't trust verify so Bitcoin dominance
opened up that week around 67 68% by the
two weeks later it was all the way up
near
71% right it's a huge move in only a
very short period of time I mean 2 to 3%
higher in terms of just going percentage
wise we opened up last week by dominance
just below 55% right so that could
theoretically get you to that 57 58%
level which would be in line with sort
of what we talked about where Bitcoin
dominance swept the high a month ago it
takes about 5 to six weeks to get back
above it and durably go back go to much
higher levels so that is really playing
out in a really similar fashion so far
so again you know if you see Bitcoin
continue the route this is that hard
part for all it's because like it just
seems like there's not a great outcome
for all Bitcoin pairs because if Bitcoin
rallies then Bitcoin dominance goes up
right but we also saw a couple of weeks
ago when Bitcoin got this dump over here
in April Bitcoin dominance also went up
so it's kind of like what I've said for
the last two and a half years no matter
the direction of Bitcoin USD all Bitcoin
pairs bleed and so that's where I am on
this like I mean I I still feel like
this is just chopping the altcoin market
up and it's so true though I mean like a
lot of these cryptocurrencies that are I
mean a lot of the altcoins are still
struggling um some of them are still
doing well but most of them are
struggling and again if you were to
Overlay say like ethusd onto this chart
like look at ethusd compared to bitcoin
I mean Bitcoin hasn't really gone down
that much whereas ethusd has has gone
down quite a lot um and it's because
Bitcoin hasn't gone down as much because
people are converting their eth to
bitcoin but again I I think that trend
is going to end this summer is my guess
um so yeah bitco still sort of chopping
around this range and very very very
similar to what we saw um not only in
2023 but also in 2019 in both
cases we had
rallies back above the 8we
estima in 2023 when we had that rally we
went to a new
high in 2019 when we had that rally it
was a lower high if you if you look at
the social risk in
2023 when we went to a new high it was
social risk was around 0.1 to
0.2 today it's a lot lower right to me
this really does look similar to you
know to sort of mid 2019 but again I you
know you also have the spot ETFs we
didn't have those you know back in the
day so I'm not I'm not trying to M I'm
not trying to stand on anyone's toes I
don't want to step on anyone's toes here
but it does seem somewhat familiar right
it does seem somewhat familiar
so um but yeah I mean we we did talk
about at some point we're going to sort
of Wick down to the bmark sport band and
normally on that Wick like you often see
you sort of get a knee a kneejerk
reaction off of it right and that's
actually a pretty common thing you see
it right there too that was actually a
twoe rally as well but a lot of times
you'll sort of get like sort of like a
knee-jerk reaction off that 20we moving
average and it'll go back up but if it
comes back down to it that's where sort
of the real test is and again that
there's no guarantee that we do I mean
there there's certainly examples of like
2017 where you only sort of get these
Wicks right there are examples like that
um so that is you know if you if you
want to see a left translated Peak
that's what it would look like you know
um but if you don't get a left
translated Peak and it's just sort of a
normal or again this is sort of the the
thing that no one will want to talk
about there there does exist a scenario
where you have a left translated Peak
where the peak's already in right
there's also left translated Peak
scenarios where the peak's not until say
like December or something which I think
a lot you know people obviously like
that idea a lot more but I think with
investing you always have to consider
all possible outcomes right and of
course the idea of a left translative
Peak is is notable especially given you
know monetary policy and the context of
what we've seen historically and what
happened in in you know sort of the
election years of of um of of past but
I mean right now the 20we SMA for
Bitcoin is at 59k 21 we EMA is at 58.7k
8we SMA is at
65.2 so you know historically a lot of
times when you get above the 8we
estimate uh you'll then stay above it
for at least a week at least that's what
you saw back over here right you saw it
get above it and then one week later it
stayed above it 2019 same thing you got
above it and then we stayed above it the
following week so I think what'll be
more interesting is not what happens
this week
um but what happens next week right
because this week you might have the the
spot ETF ethereum you know rejection
according to the markets again I have no
insight into whether it's going to be
approved or not frankly I don't really
care honestly I would prefer that it
gets approved so that we don't have to
think about it you know that just I mean
that's probably I would I would say I
would just prefer it gets approved but
if if the markets are right and it
doesn't get approved then that's just
more reason for people to convert their
eth to Bitcoin in the short term term
um so I I actually be more interesting
in what's going to happen next week not
this week because this week you know it
could just be more of the same it could
just be more of what we saw this past
week right Bitcoin takes fuel from the
altcoin market um and those altcoins
just keep on on bleeding on their
Bitcoin pairs so we'll see and by the
way I mean you know certainly other
Market some of these markets could also
make you think that all right well maybe
it's not even this week uh that it
happens because a lot of times when you
Wick down to the 20we you immediately go
up we sort of hesitated this time um so
we'll see I mean you could always get a
sort of an intermediate week where it
just sort of slowly comes back down and
then goes back up but my my sort of my
base case that i' and I've been saying
this for months is that Bitcoin chops
the altcoin market up up here and then
once that liquidity has been bled dry
then Bitcoin you know is free to to sort
of have a a larger correction right and
again that doesn't necessarily have to
mean like you know all doom and gloom
but um but who knows I that could still
be weeks away could be months away I
don't know how long the duns are going
to hold out they sure as how have held
out longer than I thought they were
going to so um I tip my hat to them but
that's where we stand right now um I'd
like to you know I'd like to see kind of
where where this where this ultimately
pans out over the next two weeks I think
the next two weeks are going to be
fairly instrumental and sort of defining
whether this is sort of a mid
20109 style event or something different
the next couple of weeks should Define
that um so uh we will see think we're go
and wrap it up there thank you guys for
tuning in again we do have into the
cryptoverse premium and into the
cryptoverse decom uh where we talk a lot
we talk about a lot more stuff on there
uh than I do on here but um or we go
into more you know more detail and and
we talk a lot about other other markets
as well so make sure you check that out
links to the description below uh but
other than that I will see you guys next
time and thumbs up on the video if you
don't mind see you guys next time bye
