[Music]
hey what's going on everybody this is
the blockchain backer bringing you the
latest cryptocurrency news and Analysis
today we're going to be talking about
the altcoin market as the Bitcoin price
chart still continues to Waddle sideways
in this range as we all know the market
had a big correction here in the
cryptocurrency market after the altcoin
market precisely nailed the 702
Fibonacci retracement level back in late
April early March and as we sit here
waiting to see if this Market is going
to recover I thought it would be
interesting to look throughout the whole
cryptocurrency Market to say is there
anything significant about where we've
pulled down to right now are we just
floating around up in here in outer
space with lots of air way below us well
if you've caught past videos and past
live streams we've been trying to
determine that to see if we can get a
recovery out of here and whether or not
we can have some kind of quick move to
start getting us on our way or in
another optimistic scenario more of a
grueling grinding waddling in here like
we saw back in 2020 to eventually get
our way out but of course both of these
scenarios are that things are okay and
things continue marching up I've shown
the daily moving averages to say hey
look we can go back in time and look at
at these things and see that look if
this thing is in a bullish trajectory
happening in here we shouldn't really be
setting lower lows in here there aren't
really too many examples to see when
we're bullish and marching our way out
of here that we go down and hit the 200
day moving average after this it's not
like it's a technical problem to go
there but it's just not common for us to
go do that it would still be on top of
the previous resistance into that little
bull flag but it just wouldn't be common
for what happens when we are in a bullk
Market which of course the whole Market
thinks we are or at least the
participants so the big question comes
is that good enough for an actual
pullback back in here that's where I
started taking a look at really just the
whole Market on an individual basis on
bigger time frames still using moving
averages but scooting out to the weekly
time frame and going through coins on an
individual basis for example we could
see that cardano broke down from its 50e
moving average back there in late 2021
early 2022 we could through all of 2022
all of 2023 and here we go 24 we go
through the 50 we go through the 100 we
get to the 200 week moving average and
boom this is our big pullback as we now
have the 50 crossing the 100 and now
we're finding supports right there on
top it's was like okay that's
interesting let's look throughout the
market and see if we can find
consistencies with that of supports
building after a major break of big
moving averages do we see that elsewhere
and what we'll find is we'll actually
see this exact phenomenon happening in
many any places we're going to see some
coins that are actually much weaker
we're going to see some that are much
stronger but a lot of stuff this is
exactly where it went down to for
example Aptos crazy enough we can see
that little dot right there we just
finally reached 200 weeks here over on
the avac chart on binance and that's the
200 we moving average coming in right
there that was the actual support in
here we could see the 50 and the 100
here for polka dot crazy enough even
ethereum classic same goes for filecoin
with the 50 and the 100 week catching
after breaking through them for the
first time here back in February the
story was also same for harar or hyera
hashgraph the breakout happens after
being broken below hits the 200 week
boom slams right back down into the 50
week after we crossed through the 100
and then boom back to ranging back
between the two of them Litecoin Story
the same breaks through the 50 and the
100 hits the 200 back to the 50 and the
100 optimism on top osmosis as crazy as
it is you can see in there it finally
has a 50 we moving average printed right
there sui also has that 50 we moving
average sitting right there which is
where it caught itself Unis swap the
story is the same the 50 and the 100
come in that's where the catch happens
and well as weird as it is 2017's
calling and new economy movement does
the same thing and so it's interesting
to see this phenomenon happening in here
throughout the market right when we go
back to like the pre c19 crash and that
kind of stuff right you could see we
weren't getting out yet right we had
come off the lows ABCD and then slammed
back down for the bottom to come in for
c19 but weren't doing any type of
escaping just yet then notice like here
for cardano you get the Escape happening
in here then boom in comes the bigger
correction of size and magnitude of what
we've seen right now it's really not
really out of line of how big something
like that could be and then at the same
time seeing kind of where we pulled back
to and where we pulled back to another
thing to observe in here as you can see
this is actually where the 50 and the
100 we moving averages cross each other
here we go this is where the 50 and the
100 we moving averages cross each other
what do you get you get the correction
you get the correction and then what
happened that grueling thing like we
just talked about back in here between
these two and looking at it on the
weekly moving averages as well what
occurred in here right this was when we
had our first official break of all the
moving averages happening which is what
we' had happen in here for the altcoin
market right now now the story isn't the
same for everything in the market
there's some stuff that has shown
exceptionally more strength and there's
some stuff that has shown more weakness
so we'll take a look at those as well
just going through a handful of them
this one kind of borderline this is
algorand and you could see being stuck
throughout all of 2022 and 2023 it
finally gets through the 50 we moving
average even attempts to poke here
through the 100 day moving average and
then boom slams back down into the 50
you actually see that in that same time
frame that we just showed there for
other coins and we just showed for
cardano what happens notice it finally
escapes through the 50 we moving average
you can see it actually touches it once
here pushes away and then pulls all the
way back down into it that's the same
thing that does happen here touches the
50 week pushes higher and then boom now
right back down to it again things like
arbitrum took a whacking though you
could see right there not holding that
50 we moving average which we did see
things cold likeu or sui those newer
coins that have their 50 that got
printed there but still held Adam or
Cosmos not really showing any strength
happening in here Casper unable to get
through Dash still on the South Side EOS
one of those borderline ones gets
through the 50 for the first time comes
back and slams back down into it again
Iota maybe finally gets through the 50
we touches the 50 we just like we showed
back there on Al Garand gets further and
then now right back down to it again
sitting just a hair below that 100 week
but still above the 50 kusama or the
canary Network polka dot there's that 50
and it's sitting right on the South Side
chain link there's the 200 week Mana
borderline to centraland right gaming
finally escapes back test escapes back
tests madic not that pretty unable to
hold any of them and then now looking
like it's struggling on the back test of
the 50 week again q&t still this is one
of those ones people ask me about in the
live streams a lot I'm like I just don't
own it because I just don't have a solid
read on this thing and still to this day
it just continues to go sideways and not
really respecting the moving averages
really at all xlm one of those ones kind
of hanging on by a thread here it is
escaping the 50 week of course when does
it actually Escape it escapes when xrp
is deemed not a security pulls back to
the 50 we moving average waddling around
in here there's the 100 week coming in
so now it just sits there kind of
holding itself on top of the 100 but on
a side note of that Stellar limit for
some reason taken off when xrp was
declared not a security there it is
happening right there on July 13th
notice in the two weeks leading up to
that for the first time in all this time
Stellar lumens escaped the 50e moving
average back tested the 50e moving
average and then xrp was declared not a
security and of in a way it went did
Stellar limons know something first
don't know let's move on Monero one of
those ones as well Under The Struggle
Bus right what happened under complete
attack by the government and exchange D
listings in here this does look W cofish
to me however still it is not holding
any of those moving averages like we've
seen but I think anybody who watches
this channel knows there's a soft spot
in my heart for privacy coins because
there's no way we're going to use any of
the stuff as money on the grand scale
without a privacy feature attached to it
and whether I'm seeing things or not I
definitely do see the wof spring
happening in here and wof accumulation
the moving averages not so pretty but we
do see a lot of the phases of woff
accumulation happening in here from the
selling climax which is still the low
being held there from the Luna and
Celsius collapses from back in June of
2022 followed by the automatic rally
followed by the secondary test then the
secondary test in Phase B followed by
spring so all phases of yoff
accumulation still here however moving
averages not so pretty and then xrp
still just stuck between the two right
now what's interesting about these
things is we saw in
2021 how reactionary market caps were so
we can kind of go through some of these
as well taking a look at cardano you can
see it's holding adom or Cosmos still
kind of borderline but not as ugly as
the actual price chart avac holding up
Bitcoin cash polka dot ethereum classic
ethereum filecoin right on top of it
hyera ICP chain link sitting on top of
all of them which is interesting from
the price chart because the price chart
sits right there between the 200 and the
50 we moving average as if it's already
falling back below the 200 we moving
average however the market cap is still
holding itself up okay and we're about
to have that 50 we cross through the 200
we moving average litecoin's market cap
just like it's price chart still just
kind of stuck there in between the 200
and then the 100 and the 50 near way up
there optimism once again we can see
that 50 we moving average just showing
itself right there and then again with
all that drama with Unis Swap and the
SEC and all that stuff you can still see
boom it is just sitting there even with
this market cap after the breakout there
it is there's a back test and while
xrp's picture a little bit better
waddling right there at the 200 we
moving average stuck there between the
50 and between the 100 so a quick run
through as well as things that are
stronger right we showed things that
have pulled back and landed right on it
some of the things that are a little bit
weaker then of course we got things that
are stronger Bitcoin cash obviously
getting through all of them binance coin
getting through all of them Bitcoin
getting through all of them crypto.com
coin Doge ethereum ICP near shib salanta
and Tron now what's interesting about
Tron salana ethereum and binance coin
ones which are all sitting quite a bit
above all of their respective weekly
moving averages they are also the top
four by total value locked as we can see
right through here these are things that
I've been talking about when it comes to
developer activity and user activity
levels what do you know the top four
with total value locked happen to be
ones that are sitting much stronger so
the point of the whole exercise in the
first place was to say does it seem like
a technical place where we could
actually be finding some supports is it
reasonable to even look at it through
the live of being like hey there could
be 3 months of excitement left in this
market where things get riled up and
wild again I'm not a believer that we
have a year and a half left in this
market if anything it would have to be
something very quick and well if we are
going to look at it through the lens of
something like that happening for the
market and then something quick comes
are signs starting to emerge of who's
weak who's strong who's right where they
should be and while things like we just
showed right there for cardano and all
the examples we just show how once they
got through the 50 and the 100 week
moving average there was the big
correction that's the same thing we're
talking about there with total three
that I just showed that's that same spot
right in there and while even from a
timing perspective which I've shown in
past videos of where the altcoin market
is from where you think tops are whether
you want to use the top of May are we
there or use the other tops in here
right these things are just kind of
happening right on time of where they
all should be happening at and same type
of reactions in there just like in 2021
though we learned a lot that that time
right in 2017 everything went to the
moon we've spent all of I spent all of
last year figuring out what the heck
happened in 2021 because only 20% of the
market went on and set new all-time
highs or give any anything kind of
meaningful in regards to runs and so
here we are we're starting to see things
starting to show a little bit more
strength we're showing some things
showing a little bit more weakness and
some of them kind of being like right
where they should be in relation to
things like that if this Market is going
to continue moving up so maybe it gave
you some thoughts for yourself to maybe
review your own stuff take a look at it
make your own determinations I'm not
going to tell you what to do but are we
at a technical level of where it would
make logical sense for a support to be
coming in there I think we've seen
examples throughout a lot of places in
the market where these were technical
levels to come back and hit after
breaking through big moving averages and
we really see that littered everywhere
on many different assets and so as we
wait for this Market to tell us and give
us a Direction on what comes next I
thought it was interesting to look
throughout the market to see if anything
corroborated what we've been talking
about to see if it even makes any sense
to be looking at it through that manner
of the correction and the moving
averages Crossing themselves and it
finding supports and to see that when we
do overlay the altcoin market it does
actually represent that exact same time
that we are referencing in here on the
actual charts for those Corrections with
those moving average crosses with those
back tests so I hope that you found that
interesting it's been a little while
since we've kind of like dug throughout
the whole Market looking at a lot of
coins on individual basis but it does
seem those things are mattering once
again whether it's developer activity
user activity levels or whether it's
sector specific it's likely if we do see
this Market move up if it is able to
expand through the retraces we're likely
going to see the same thing that we saw
back in 2021 whether there's winners
there's losers and everything else in
between and I think we're already kind
of seeing that type of stuff happening
in there just by looking there at those
moving averages so I hope you found this
educational I hope you found this
helpful I'm going to go ahead and wrap
this thing up if you're looking for
something to do throughout the weekend
the most recent newsletter in there was
diving really into the sectors if you
sign up for the newsletter you get
access to all of the past ones so
everything with development activity
user activity levels circulating Supply
inflation all that stuff there's over 30
newsletters in here you get access to
all of them with the audio voiceover
recordings for each of them this most
recent one really went into sector
specific to show while the whole Market
does move together we did see some
sector specific movement and I'm sure
you all heard it AI going crazy out
there right we can look at different
things like defi layer 1es layer 2s and
see were these things performing well
were they underperforming in different
time periods are certain sectors going
to be cold are they going to be hot very
big deep dive right over here on
blockchain back. substack
docomomo Behavior of the cryptocurrency
market and teaching you how to set up
your own charts and your own indicators
within trading View and coin Trader Pro
there's links within the description of
this video to BCB backer.com and to the
newsletter over there at blockchain
back. substack
docomond full weekend last week I was
traveling I was in Las Vegas for the xrp
Las Vegas conference feels good to be
back it's going to be nice to have a
weekend to actually just kind of sit and
chill for a minute and get my brain and
body completely refreshed it's been a
lot of traveling as you guys know for
the last couple of months there's still
one more at the end of this month and
then the traveling is done but it feels
good to just kind of be back in the
driver seat here at the computer
otherwise guys I hope you have a great
weekend again check out the substack
over here blockchain backer.com check
out BCB backer.com and otherwise I will
catch you next week but all right that's
it thank you so much for watching if you
could please like this video and give it
a thumbs up if you're new to the Channel
Please Subscribe and hit the
notification Bell so you can be notified
of when I create new content and when I
go live as always this is not investment
advice and I am not a financial advisor
but if you ever need a pickme up or a
little bit of reassurance just remember
that the blockchain
backers got your
back have a good one
[Music]
