November at 20,000 4 months later we're
at 60,000 so things can happen very
quickly and we can go triple quadruple
5x in a period of um 3 months and if you
miss those three months you're you're
going to miss everything bitcoin's price
is about to go absolutely crazy and if
you miss the next 3mon window you're
going to miss everything this has
happened to bitcoin's price after every
single having take a look this is how
bitcoin's price appreciated after every
having this over here is the having
event and then this is what happens
after each time Bitcoin having just
happened we are here in green to me this
is extremely bullish and most don't
realize smash the like button support
the channel send this video to one
friend who really needs to hear this
about Bitcoin Bitcoin whales are
accumulating at a pace like we've never
seen before while you panic they buy
because they know what's about to happen
Freddy Krueger is a Wall Street finance
and Tech veteran often cited in
financial news his YouTube channel is
called math money Bitcoin he is a
Bitcoin advocate he has made rather
bullish predictions about bitcoin's
future price based on mathematical
models here he lays out the Bitcoin
price explosion that he thinks is going
to happen sometime in the next 12 months
there will be a three 3 to 4 Monon
window where bitcoin's price does a 3X
4X 5x let's go through cycle by cycle
and listen and watch him build his
thesis we'll start here 2013 2014 cycle
as you can see here Bitcoin if you look
at the entire four years of of Bitcoin
from 2009 to January of 2014 70% of the
move of that was done in 2 months right
you could have done nothing but just
bought Bitcoin and September of
2013 and you would have captured 80% of
the move right 70 to 80% of the move
depending on if you held it 3 or 4
months in the end of 2013 really we have
this extreme tail here and by the way if
you sort of if you looked here and you
sort of said oh what's the chart look
like well the chart looked bad right the
chart looked like we're rolling over was
going down and so there was really
almost you know oh maybe we're going to
come back oh maybe this is going to be a
double top no matter what you do you're
not going to see this ginormous pattern
here this this thing so that's the first
real kind of move up that we've seen
next we'll go to 2017 most people
remember the Bitcoin 2017 cycle with
Bitcoin topping out at 20K most don't
remember that bitcoin price actually
spent most of 2017 under 6K if this was
just a oneoff I would say you know go
ahead and and trade it but look look
what happened in 2017 let's go to here
and let's look at that there again what
do we see we see that the market did
whole lot of nothing it never really
crossed 6,000 until October right that's
something we just don't remember because
we always remember that it went to 20,7
but but bear in mind that it really
almost it only crossed 6,000 in October
in November really is it only crossed
6,000 touched 20,000 in December almost
all the gains if you had not been in
Bitcoin in October if you got out in
October you would have missed 3/4 of the
move right so everything really really
happened over a 3mon period now again
you say okay that's two times for but
surely it didn't happen again the same
way ah yes but it did let's go to the
2020 2021 cycle look how quickly this
happened and pay attention to the
conclusion that Fred Krueger draws at
the end let's take a look at that third
movement the 2020 2021 bull market and
again you know here we go doing a lot of
nothing November at 20,000 4 months
later we're at 60,000 right so things
can happen very quickly and we can go
triple
quadruple 5x in a period of um 3 months
and if you miss those three months
you're you're going to miss everything
so the big problem with trading Bitcoin
is
you know you can trade it just like
anything else and you know you think
you're making money you're losing money
but the big problem with Bitcoin is if
you're not in the market for those 3
months it's very unlikely that you're
going to be able to get in the Market at
and be there with any kind of size when
this thing actually goes up I do think
that we are going to see another one of
those moves in the next year I don't
know when it's going to be it could be
in a week it could be in three 3 weeks
it could be in by the end of the year it
could be next year I don't know we have
to stay in the market to capture those
moves so let's talk about why bitcoin's
price goes up Fred Krueger has made it
clear that the reason he's so bullish is
because he thinks technically speaking
the bull market is happening and for
that reason he thinks bitcoin price is
going to reach certain levels because
technically we're in a bull but besides
being in a bull what are his three big
fundamental reasons he thinks bitcoin's
price is going to Skyrocket this is an
interesting thesis listen now what else
do I think gives me a lot of bullishness
well obviously the ETFs right so I think
in addition to the fact that we're on
sort of this bull market we have the
ETFs that are um they're really just
starting to kick in and uh you know we
saw yesterday we had gbtc with the first
positive inflow Day Ever I sort of said
I think the ETFs once we get back and
we're
say back to 70,000 I think those flows
are going to come right back because I
think these people they don't they may
not participate when the market looks
shaky but when the market looks good
they're going to come back and that's
just like a turbo booster on top of the
bullish sentiment that's just coming
from the non-f part of the market the
third part I would say is just from a
pure fiscal
irresponsibility I think we have have
never looked more irresponsible than we
are today we're definitely in kind of
this I would say sort of the end game of
Fiat here you know we're just printing
like crazy we got PE just absolute
insane people like Stephanie Kelton who
really think that we can just go print
like whatever we want we can just buy uh
and that won't have any impact on
inflation or anything she uses the
example of World War II to show how
great things are when you know
when we just go
spend like drunken Sailors on something
like you know the war effort um and you
know her new war effort is you know the
green New Deal and climate change so I
just think that this kind of thinking is
so wrong so destructive to Capital so I
think the the the fact that people just
don't seem to even care at all about
deficits is is a reason why Bitcoin is
going to do really really well over the
next two years and then the last of all
I think we have an election and I think
at the end of the day this election
whoever emerges from this election as
the Victor is going to go spend like
crazy if it's Trump they're going to cut
interest rates like crazy but regardless
I think people are going to want to own
Bitcoin I think we have a really great
setup for the next 18 months very
bullish I just would recommend just
being fully invested and just you know
having Diamond hands so let's talk price
prediction
what price does Fred Krueger think
Bitcoin will hit this cycle how high can
Bitcoin go within what time frame what
is most likely this is his price and
time Outlook this cycle remember guys
smash the like button if you appreciate
videos like this I think we're in a bull
market we've gone from the low of 15,000
16,000 let's call it to um you know
close to 70,000 right now
63,000 I think we have you know we could
easily go up another 4 to 5x from here
that would put us at 250,000 and it
could be as much as 500,000 and I think
if I had to pick a spot what this
happens I think we're going to probably
get the most of it by the end of 2025
right so yeah yeah maybe it keeps on
going until
2026 the next 18 months I think are
going to be you
know could be really amazing could be
absolutely spectacular somewhere between
you know 4X and you know 8X the return
from where we are today please if you
like this uh content hit the Subscribe
button because it really helps my
algorithm on YouTube how about longer
term is it true that he thinks bitcoin's
price hits $1 million per coin this
decade this is true what's it going to
take to get Bitcoin to a million well we
probably have to increase users by about
3x how long is it going to take to do
that probably about a decade look guys
if any of us knew the future we'd all be
rich this video it's not Financial
advice just info and opinion that being
said if you're interested in making
money in crypto subscribe to our channel
altcoin daily WE Post one video every
day keeping you up to date giving you an
edge post this video on social media
engage with this video comment your
thoughts below I'll be chatting with you
in the comments also follow the great
Fred Krueger on his channel math money
Bitcoin I'll link his stuff below see
you tomorrow my friends this is going to
be a great year for us
