GTH when do you see Bitcoin surpassing
alltime highs again and how high could
we go this cycle today I interview
expert Trader Gareth Salway it's and
that's such an interesting question
because to get his outlook for the stock
market and the Bitcoin price in 2024 do
you generally see traditional markets
rallying up until the presidential
election Gareth also shares his worst
case scenario for Bitcoin you do have
the one scenario that that is kind of my
Black Swan event for Bitcoin how low
could Bitcoin go well if we break below
this 56,000 line here and watch today's
whole interview as I ask Gareth the big
question is 12K on the table this cycle
hit the like button if you appreciate
these conversations and let's start
Gareth with your outlook for traditional
markets today so so what we've seen
lately and this is this is really kind
of even crossing over into the Federal
Reserve because of what it's kind of
getting into but basically we had this
dip which was about an 8% % dip on I
think it was on the NASDAQ about a five
and change percent dip on the S&P 500
and all of a sudden we started to get
weaker economic data now the common
thought process would be oh my goodness
the econom is going south Less jobs you
know more problems for the economy the
markets would go down but instead the
markets love to Rejoice over this right
now because interest rates come down and
the odds of a Fed rate cut and multiple
Cuts go up and so the market is so
addicted at this point to printing money
and cheap money that it literally will
go up and buy the people will buy stocks
and drive the markets higher when when
things get bad now there will be a pivot
point let's be fair at a certain point
when things get so bad the markets are
going to freak out because they'll think
the Federal Reserve is not on point
they're that they're behind the
eightball if you will or or lagging and
at that point the stock market will drop
but right now we've had we've had a very
nice move back S&P is basically within
1% of its all-time highs do you
generally see traditional markets
rallying up until until the presidential
election and then it's then it
reevaluate from there or what's your
yearlong take it's and that's such an
interesting question because you know if
we continue to Rally in traditional
markets it's going to keep inflation
High you know there's there's the idea
that that there's a wealth effect when
when everyone looks at their 401K
everyone feels richer they say oh I can
go out to this fancy restaurant I can
buy this new TV I can buy this and it
more demand for goods then obviously
drives prices of goods higher based on
Supply demand so it is tricky because I
think Biden has this this kind of messy
scenario where he doesn't want the stock
market to crash but at the same time if
it goes higher then inflation is higher
and then people aren't going to like
that either so in a weird way I'm kind
of in this camp where we could see
sideways markets and maybe a little
downside but I don't expect before the
election so much downside that it would
jeopardize his his chances of of of
reelection um but certainly I mean the
inflation side of things has been ugly
and and just the fact that it's starting
to move up again is is kind of scary
frankly
and if slash when the FED does cut rates
what does that mean for
Bitcoin so ultimately cheaper money is
good for Bitcoin right I mean it's it's
going to drive it up most likely I think
I think you do have the one scenario
that that is kind of my Black Swan event
for Bitcoin which is that if the stock
market really came down sharply like
let's say we dropped 20 25% in the
markets then I do think that that fear
would would kind of permeate the crypto
industry and we'd see it come down and
let's keep in mind that and I'll share
my screen here and we'll take a look we
should also remember that you know a lot
of people say oh they're not correlated
right but if we look at the S&P and this
is the S&P the S&P topped and made its
high over here in basically March and if
we go to bitcoin's chart Bitcoin also
made its highs in March so bitcoin's
been kind of going sideways to lower in
that period of time and we've also seen
the stock market kind of off of its
all-time highs pulling back so so that
would be the one case where I would say
oh my goodness we could head back to 50K
maybe even lower but you know taking
that out let's just say the stock market
doesn't drop significantly maybe only 5
to 10% off of its highs then I think you
have to rely on this chart of Bitcoin
where you know basically we have this
channel this is what we would refer to
as a bullish Channel because it's coming
off of a steep move up essentially
What's Happening Here is price is
digesting the recent gains and this is
very normal for Bitcoin and as long as
it stays within this lower line of the
channel you would consider this to be
bullish and an eventual breakout
scenario so so as a technician remember
you know I don't want to be I'm not all
bullish all the time or all bearish all
the time it's more like okay we're in
this Channel right now so I remain
neutral to positive on my bias if we
break below it then I have to
re-evaluate and if we break above it
then it's game on markets Bitcoin
surging to new all-time
highs iith I want to talk about I want
to delve into that a little deeper
because I remember around the Bitcoin
having um a couple multiple weeks ago
you were saying you think Bitcoin kind
of topped out around at at around
$73,000 and Twitter ragged on you for it
but you were right retrospectively uh
because you were betting on people
betting on markets rather than an asset
um what is your why did you say why did
you call the topac then and and what's
your outlook now yeah so a couple things
so so based on chart action is that
there there's it's there's an elasticity
to a market right and this could be
Bitcoin this could be a stock this could
be a commodity it's that at a certain
point when when there's too much upside
there becomes too many people on the
bullish side and just naturally markets
tend to you know when you have let's say
you have 10 people in a market and all
10 of them go long Bitcoin in that
market there's no one left to buy and so
you start to run out of buyers now we
could talk about the spot ETFs but there
that was really an earlier factor that
was driving it up going into the having
and now you've kind of gotten to a point
where it's more of a mixed bag and I
think people also have to realize that
the spot ETFs yes they're net positive
but you still get people that buy
Bitcoin through the spot ETFs that will
sell into rallies as well and so you
have those factors kind of coming
together with with the chart just being
overextended and I also was looking at
other factors like other chart
indicators as well that just told me
that it was time for this to start to
pull back just a little bit and what we
see is around major events like if you
remember the spot ETF we had a pop to
like 49,000 and then it corrected about
20% and so it makes a lot of sense right
around the having we would have a top
and then kind of this this void was
created where investors are like okay
well that was a great that was a lot of
hype to the having but it's over where's
my next Catalyst and people always want
that Catalyst especially in
cryptocurrency and we don't we just
don't have it at this point there's
nothing new in fact we've been seeing
more more potential negative regulation
people talking some negative stuff and I
think that just puts people on edge as
well especially more of the the stock
market crowd right the stock market
crowd is more older School investors
they want an asset that has clear
sailing going forward not something
that's still being quarreled over in the
government unfortunately even though I'm
a huge longer term fan so so I think
that was a lot of it to do with with
what was going on on the charts um and
now we're just in this consolidation
phase which which is actually net
bullish right now isn't I mean Bitcoin
seems to be clear to this cycle
regulatory wise generally speaking it's
ethereum foundation and Unis Swap and
all those others are you saying the
traditional Market just kind of lumps
them all together yeah I mean and that
until the traditional markets and and
bitcoiners and crypto people just have
to give people that are not into the
markets of crypto a little slack they
just don't understand the nuances quite
as much I mean if you go ask some you
know 70-year-old you know could you
explain the difference between Bitcoin
and ethereum my guess is they're not
going to be able to do it so so just
people have to just give them a little
slack it'll it'll come over time and
that'll be fine but right now absolutely
it's the the crypto markets are lumped
together as a whole even though even
though specific crypto people know the
difference Gareth when do you see
Bitcoin surpassing all-time highs again
and how high could we go this cycle
so I actually think like if if the stock
market doesn't correct significantly
like let's say we we just have these
these lowball Corrections of five to 10%
then I think later this year you'll make
a new all-time high and I actually think
if we do take out the $74,000 high we
actually could be looking at a target of
around 100,000 and I'll share my screen
in terms of how I come to that
conclusion and so what I want to do here
is on the Bitcoin chart we're going to
remove all our lines and what we're
going to do is we're going to go back to
our 2017 Peak and this is just a simple
trend line what I'm going to put in here
but if we take that high and we connect
it to the bull market high so we're
basically what we're doing here is we're
connecting bull market High to bull
market high and then if we drag it down
and drag that line out what we can see
is amazingly that line happens to
coexist right around that
$100,000 level so in in general if we do
break out above 74,000 I think I think
it honestly climbs relatively quickly
within a few months to about the 100
5,000 level before kind of stalling out
for its next
pullback is it that easy is like the
basic trend line is it that easy um well
that's the big question right I you know
oftentimes it's not quite that easy
where it'll try to fool people it'll go
briefly above 74 then it'll come back
down but in many times you can look at
these levels and and again just to just
to kind of show you guys something
really cool let's go to the S&P well
let's go to the NASDAQ 100 right so if
we take a look at the NASDAQ 100 and we
go back to share your screen if you
would oh I apologize yes thank you so if
we go to the NASDAQ 100 which is the top
100 stocks in the NASDAQ and if we go
back to the do high and we take that
high and we connect it to the high of
20121 which was also the Bitcoin high
and we extend that line out if we look
at where we got this latest correction
in the NASDAQ it was right at that level
as well so again there's no magic sauce
in technical analysis all we can do is
try to look at things and like where
would it make sense for resistance to be
um so in that way it would be kind of
following the same trend of using these
other charts and finding these levels
where they've pulled back in in the past
and do you see the surpassing all-time
highs in this summer or is a closer to
the fall and then cycle top beginning of
next year generally speaking wow that's
definitely putting me on the spot here
on this one so so I'm going to put it to
you this way and again this is how as a
technician I have to put it um let me
share my screen again and just go over
this so so one of the things that I'm
really following on this chart is this
Channel and I had it on the the line
before but we basically what we do is we
just connect these highs we drag a
perfectly parallel line down and so
suffice it to say this is that because
we're stuck in this range until we break
out of the range one way or the other
this is a range-bound Bitcoin Market it
just it is what it is it's kind of
boring frankly but if we break above the
60 looks like right over here around 69
9,000 level that's when I think within
literally um two to four weeks of
breaking 69 that will be will take out
the high so I can't tell you obviously
if it's going to you know will we do
that in the next you know couple months
in the summer or is it going to be later
this year but sufficed to say when this
line breaks the the shorts will have to
cover and so you get a lot of short
covering which will be forced buying and
then the new bulls will I mean the Bulls
will just go nuts over that breakout in
my opinion especially smart money like
the institutional money will be watching
this level but just keep in mind on the
reverse side as a technician I have to
look at probabilities both ways what are
the risks well if we break below this
56,000 line here then pretty much within
I would say within you know could be a
couple weeks to a month as well we're
probably down to 52,000 and maybe even
touching the spot ETF approval high of
around 49,000 so so again the best thing
I could say is just watch the channel
and whichever way it breaks that's the
way price will go in the near term
pretty quickly too is 12K on the table
this
cycle no I I mean I'd be shocked once we
broke above 30 that 12K was was dead to
be honest I think I think if we were to
see let's say we get a a really bad like
Great Recession all 2008 2009 I do think
that the Panic if we saw let's say 40%
50% sell off in the stock market could
bring us back to 30 but 30 now is like a
massive Line in the Sand that was where
I was really watching back ways where if
once we got above that it's like all
right you know bare Market over bull
market starts um so that 30k now becomes
a master major level Gareth I love your
perspective I want to have you back in
two three months revisit some of these
charts but final thoughts for the
altcoin daily Army oh man so altcoin
daily Army first of all you guys rock
you follow some of the greatest Minds
here uh with these two gentlemen and and
I would just say that you know just be
ready for the unexpected with with the
elections coming up there's a lot of
geopolitical stuff the econom is be
beginning to turn so again don't be
don't be shaking out there could be some
deep down moves but stick with your
long-term thesis as long as your
long-term thesis is what it is and it
doesn't fail then Bitcoin on dips should
be a buying opportunity
