huge day today guys Bitcoin is pumping
altcoins are pumping today I am going to
talk about why we're seeing so much
bullish action in the markets right now
but also I will answer the question can
we actually trust this rally for Bitcoin
and altcoins or is this just a
short-term balce before we see some more
downside guys today I have a very
important video I will go through
everything you need to know for everyone
that are using my trading strategies as
well I will show you what I am doing
personally if you're using these ones I
will give you some ideas and thoughts
about what you could do as well to make
even more money for the rest of this uh
Bull Run so guys make sure to stick
around from the beginning until the end
of this video Welcome Back everybody my
name is Chris bringing you
cryptocurrency videos every day teaching
you how to make money in this market if
you're new to the channel then make sure
to subscribe and activate the Bell right
now so as you know guys I haven't been
making a video for a few days because
I've been traveling but uh obviously
with the pumps you're seeing right now I
need to give you an update about what I
am doing and about what I see happening
next for the markets so I am actually
still traveling so I will be back fully
in two days but uh I will be making
videos today and uh tomorrow as well so
guys very important stuff here today
Bitcoin has had a massive pump and uh
what this surprising well there's a
reason why we had these two massive
green candles but in general it hasn't
been surprising that we are seeing a
slow grind towards Wards the upside
because if you look at Bitcoin here we
have broken through the downwards Trend
we had now this is the same kind of
trend first we had traditional markets
broke through it right here traditional
markets broke through it on the daily
time frame and then what I said here is
that it's only going to be a matter of
time because traditional markets have
been going up and it's only going to be
a matter of time until Bitcoin start to
catch up okay now recently traditional
markets on The Daily time frame have
been struggling with my orange line up
here while Bitcoin has had a break of
the trend line and then a slow grind up
here after breaking through this Orange
Box we've had a little bit of a slow
grind up until yesterday where you
obviously saw these huge green candles
here so uh was it surprising that we had
these two green candles well these were
due to a big Catalyst that happened
yesterday so yes this was a little bit I
was thinking that in general we were
going to go up something like this bit
slower for a longer period of time but
then because of the bullish news that
was released yesterday it kind of just
Amplified the bullishness and we saw
Bitcoin go up but we saw altcoins go up
even harder and I will talk about why
but uh just know that from a technical
standpoint Bitcoin was always due for
some bullish action towards the upside I
was just thinking it would be a little
bit slower yes I am the first that is
going to say that I was expecting it to
be slower but um yeah for Bitcoin to
pump that is absolutely amazing and
we're having some groundbreaking things
happening right now first right now
we're getting closer to the $1 million
which I've been showing you step by step
on this channel H about how I am doing
and you've been able to follow along
with every step of the way here as well
so we're getting close to this now in
terms of my trading strategies the
latest uh trading strategy I've launched
it is up 40% so absolutely amazing and
look at this this is absolutely insane
as you know guys a couple of even days
ago but more like a week ago this was at
minus $30,000 my previous strategy and
what I've been saying here all along is
this is going to turn around I have no
worries that this training strategy at
minus
$30,000 is actually going to become
profitable eventually and look at this
now all the people that were laughing at
me all the people that were spitting at
me well it seems like it turned positive
here so at this point all of my trading
strategies I've launched on the channel
apart from the big mistake which you can
find all about in the document in the
description if you just click on well
you can click on this one click on
mistake it will take you to the actual
video to understand uh what I did wrong
here and why I got wrecked on that one
but apart from that all of my trading
strategies I've launched have all been
very profitable and now with this one
turning profitable it is absolutely
amazing to see so um if you want to use
these ones yourself guys you still have
a good opportunity to get in at a lower
uh price point Bitcoin is still at
70,000 well $71,000 almost I think that
Bitcoin is going to reach $150,000 in
this cycle so um yeah you can still get
in and hopefully make some decent
profits here uh my bots on bitat are all
full but also these ones have been
making a lot of money here they're all
full though so if you want to use these
ones uh you need to do it on okx right
now so uh if you want to do that go down
to the description of this video right
here and then you sign up for okx claim
up to $60,000 by clicking on this link
right here and then when you have
claimed the bonus it's very important
the first sign up claim this bonus and
then with one click click on this link
it is going to take you to uh the page
to open up the bot for yourself make
sure to also watch the video at the top
of the description uh it explains
everything about the bot you need to
know so let's talk about why altcoins
are also having a massive pump here
recently so the the reason why we saw
these two massive candles ethereum went
up through the roof yesterday why
because there is some rumors right now
that there's some chatter as they say uh
that the SEC might actually approve the
uh spot ethereum ETF so they are
potentially doing a 180 on this thing so
it went up from 25% to 75% according to
this analysts now why are they doing
this so uh there's a couple of different
speculations the thing is that some
people see this as a big political thing
as well they want to get you know crypto
users to vote for Biden so some people
are saying that Biden have been putting
pressure on these guys to actually
approve this spot ethereum ETF we don't
know the exact reasons but we do know
that a lot of money is being poured into
ethereum right now open interest for
ethereum just hit 10.5 billion dollars
which is a new all-time high so people
are buying ethereum like crazy right now
due to the potential of the ETF being
approved here imminently now just for
comparison largest one day market cap
gain for ethereum just happened
yesterday plus $70 billion from what I
understand I think this is pretty close
to Solana's entire market cap as well if
I am incorrect please correct me down in
the comment section but it's just on top
of my head I do think it is in that
vicinity uh so it just gives you
perspective on how bullish the people
yesterday were trading ethereum for they
are very very bullish so someone is
really believing that ethereum ETF is
going to get approved but one thing we
do know is that the spot ETFs they get
approved by a five person vote so these
five people you have two very bullish
crypto candidates you have two very
bearish crypto candidates and then you
have Gary Gensler who is also very very
bearish in general now the spot Bitcoin
have the one that was approved
previously Gary Gensler was the final
deciding vote because you had the two
bullish ones voting for you had the two
uh you know anti- crypto people voting
against and so Gary Gensler Was the vote
that decided uh that the Bitcoin ETF
would be approved now we know that for
ethereum he has been very very like he
has been trash talking ethereum for so
long he has been going after ethereum
they have a bunch of lawsuits so the
question is he will be the deciding uh
the deciding vote on this ETF as well
most likely so is he going to do a
complete 180 from everything he been
doing previously and actually approve
the spot Bitcoin ETF I cannot rule that
out but it is crazy to think with
everything that's been happening he's
been going after ethereum for so much
time you know so for him to just do a
complete 180 I don't know I do not know
but um we will see that would be very
very bullish and that is what the market
is factoring in here so we still have to
be a little bit careful and um yeah I do
think in general like I've always been
saying Bitcoin is going to continue to
Trend upwards okay I do think that the
next level of resistance because you can
see that after going up here boom we met
resistance here we went down but then we
reclaimed this one we're meeting
resistance and then this is a big one
because this is the last kind of orange
line until the next major one at
$82,000 so this is why this is so
important this is why the Bears are
really trying to defend this area
because they know that my next orange
line or I mean well okay so depending on
how you look at it this is just
resistance levels but the Bears knows
that the next major resistance level is
most likely at
$83,000 so they will try to defend this
one okay if they are unable to defend
this then I am expecting us to go up to
$82,000 and at that point my trading
strategies are going to go absolutely
nuts so that would be very very exciting
to see and um that is what the market is
factoring in here as well but we still
need to be careful because if Gary
gansler doesn't change his mind and he
denies the spot ethereum ETF then uh
you're going to see a drop for ethereum
you're going to see a drop across the
altcoin market here as well but you have
some tremendous gains here absolutely
fantastic to see some of the ethereum
protocols like Leo as you can see right
here as well is actually doing 33% today
so that is absolutely fantastic but I
just want to point out be a little bit
careful
in general like you know I don't mind us
going sideway for a little while longer
for like a few weeks until the next
major leg up to let's say $83,000 I do
not mind that because my trading
strategies are going to do a terrific
job of capturing that volatility and
making a lot of money so I do not mind
that but Bitcoin is bullish eventually
Bitcoin is going to go up it is just
hard to time exactly when it's going to
happen but in general it is going to
happen in my opinions that's what I am
betting on that's what I am trading my
trades are showing that but uh we will
see guys we will see but be aware of the
fact that Gary Gensler will probably be
the deciding vote and he has been very
bearish on ethereum previously so just
wanted to point that out so a more
comprehensive kind of outlook for the
market and everything is going to come
in the next few days guys I am still
traveling like I said uh but I will keep
you updated on everything that's going
on as usual thank you so much for
watching this video guys and I will see
you in the next one
