ladies and gentlemen as Bitcoin
approaches the $67,000 resistance level
which is absolutely necessary to take
strongly before we can move to all-time
highs and as we approach the weekly
candle close which so far looks
absolutely brilliant we do have a few
things uh to pay close attention to that
could perhaps ruin this for Bitcoin and
those are the federal reserve's you know
rightful leader Jerome pal will'll be
speaking about 12 hours from the time
this video is posted we also have
Unemployment uh coming in in a couple of
days here so a big you know few events
coming through uh in the macroeconomic
sector that are going to have pretty big
impacts potentially on the charts that
could either make or break Bitcoin in
this situation so it's very important to
understand what the situation actually
is so before we get into the content
today uh I'm just going to quickly give
a quick shout out to the VIP group on
telegram guys we trade altcoins on
telegram uh altcoin trading signals are
posted four to five times a week they've
been posted there for 18 months and over
18 months we've gathered a 77.5% % win
rate which is pretty damn good all those
results are fully available transparent
in a PDF document uh the pricing details
are right there on the screen right now
or with the link below you can actually
see the group I'm in right now this is
the information results group yeah you
can check it out if you're interested
all the links are down below I recommend
doing that if you're interested in
altcoin trading plans and joining a more
exclusive Community all right so let's
get into it today we're going to start
out with the weekly chart uh because
this is kind of the the bulk of the
important content we've kind of already
looked into this yesterday today the 67k
level uh we'll look into it again today
don't get me wrong but we've already
discussed it a few times and I think a
lot of people are very aware of it uh
but we will look into that but first I
just want to start off with the weekly
chart cuz it's really the candle
structures that are being capturing
people's attention recently you know
obviously we have the twomon candle
which has been capturing a large uh
portion of people's attention over the
past probably month almost at this point
essentially we had a two Monon candle
bearish doe formation is actually called
a gravestone doe right here it's an
Ultra bearish candle formation that is
true uh but I think a lot of people in
crypto YouTube uh you can probably think
of who I'm thinking of here are perhaps
overhyping how important that candle is
first and foremost uh you know I've made
a video dedicated of this candle
actually and why I don't think it's a
threat uh about a week ago but basically
yes it is a bearish candle there's no
there's no doubt about that a gravestone
doer candle is a pattern of reversal and
in a regular kind of Market environment
if there was no other indicators that
existed or no other trends that existed
yes of course we would be going down
from that the reality is though we can't
just look at a a gravestone doy candle
on a two Monon chart and decide that's
going to be the only Viewpoint for which
we're going to take uh Bitcoin at all
you know we can't just be that's not the
b or Endor it's a two-month candle first
and foremost the two-month chart is a
very very abstract Viewpoint to look at
Bitcoin from and you might be thinking
oh wolf that's a bit of a low blow
criticism well it's not at all actually
because if you think about how the
market moves right the market moves
because people are looking at the charts
and they're reacting based of the charts
right so the charts that people people
are looking at are going to get the most
reactions and hence the popular charts
the one day the 4H hour uh even the
weekly even the monthly those are the
charts that are getting most of the
attention and most of the trading volume
is happening based on the price
movements of those charts so when people
are looking at a two-month chart you
know how many people are actually
looking at this chart not really that
many and if you want a more Nuance
criticism because I could I suppose you
could probably brush that off somehow
the Nuance criticism is very simple and
very clear all right there's two
criticisms of the two-month candle that
is allegedly very very bad for Bitcoin
first criticism is uh of course uh you
can't just take one indicator like the
two- Monon candle and determine that's
going to be the b or end or for your
Bitcoin analysis that's of course it's
asinine that's stupid really uh and the
second point and perhaps the more again
nuanced point is that uh the two Monon
candles have been extremely unreliable
even just looking at the cycle we've
just seen so we look at the past three
years of price action we look at the
two- Monon candles okay so let's look at
them we had a bearish engulfing candle
here it didn't lead to more downside
price action okay we had a uh a bullish
Hammer here or something resembling it
it didn't lead to a reversal of The
Upside we had a very strong Collective
three bearish candles followed by two
separate two separate bullish dogey
candles not only did the first doy
candle not lead to a pump but the second
one didn't either and then we saw a
bearish Eng engulfing candle which again
is meant to continue the D's Trend and
after we saw the bearish Eng golfing
candle we then saw a bullish engulfing
candle so we had every every single
candle here right one uh uh 2 3 four
five you don't count this one but five
of them six being incorrect in a row so
we've got a 0% success rate by looking
at the two month candle so far and you
could go on bearish engulfing here
didn't lead to downside price action
okay you could go on further the fact of
the matter is none of these candles have
worked really uh in recent history so
why are we expecting this one to I I
don't really get it but anyway this
video is not really meant to be a debunk
video of the two month candle I don't
know how it's turned into that sometimes
I get ahead of myself but uh what I
wanted to look at was the weekly candle
because when we're talking about candle
structures right we obviously the big
candle structure people are talking
about is the two-month candle that's why
I brought it up but I think what people
actually need to look at is the weekly
candle okay because this this is
actually a a time frame where candle
formations are proven to work at a much
higher extent as I just showed you then
the two-month chart uh and not only that
but it's a candle that is closing in
just 15 hours uh and we are seeing great
great bounces right we saw a very very
powerful after a very subtle downwards
Trend with long weeks for downside
representing lots and lots and lots of
buying lots and lots and lots of support
we've seen a great bullish engulfing
candle there which would be a excellent
way uh to start off a a up or continue
the macro upwards Trend so this weekly
candle so far is looking superb there's
no doubt about that you know nice retest
of that bull market support band as well
as the Bullinger band Central on line
remaining above that Bullinger band
Center Line which is critical of of what
you do in Bull markets you don't usually
go below it if we looked at the price
cycles for example you can see uh we
don't usually go below that bull bull
that Bullinger band Center Line
throughout the entirety of the bull
market uh same thing in 2017 same thing
even back here in in 2013 cycle uh but
especially in in 2017 uh so you know and
we can also of course just just bring up
the regular stuff that we talk about
quite a lot of this YouTube channel uh
obviously you guys if you've seen the
channel before if you haven't I'm going
to introduce to you now you may have
seen this line that I draw quite a lot
it's the 13e long ascending support line
on bitcoin that line of course has has
been around for the extent of bitcoin's
entire historical price action uh it's
been retested on this recent correction
we bounced off very strongly so it's
great to see a bullish Eng golfing
candle as a result of that uh there's
more there's more there's there's P
Cycle we can look at there's lots of
things we can look at there's there's
volume profile indicating 57k was a
strong support Zone we looked at all
this yesterday the fact of the matter is
we found a perfect spot for a bounce 57k
and we bounced off it and now we're
seeing a perfect reaction we're seeing a
bullish engulfing candle forming on that
Weekly chart great to see with even got
if we go back to the weekly chart a
stochastic RSI cross coming in a bullish
cross in stochastic RSI which again
generally isn't a massively reliable
indicator uh but again if we look at the
last four or five times it's happened
over here it led to an uptick over here
it led to an uptick here uptick right
here uptick so last four or five times
it's been very very reliable uh so
that's great to see as well so just lots
of good stuff all around the board here
on the weekly chart great to see and I
suppose here here's where we can get
into the shorter term charts then we're
going to look into what the Federal
Reserve is doing today right so
obviously doing very well on the weekly
candle it's not closed yet it still
could be ruined okay but it's looking
good at the moment I will discuss that
more in a second another thing that's
looking good at the moment although it's
not quite over the line much like the
weekly candle is actually the short-term
charts right so looking into short-term
4 hourly chart here we've got very
important lines in red okay 57k being
that major support Zone we bounced off
of 61k being our our range bound support
Zone uh and 67k roughly being our kind
of shortterm resistance Zone as you can
see throughout this entirety of price
action for the last month we have been
kind of rejected from that 67k level
every single attempt of getting above it
so that's of course the neckline we need
to break above uh yesterday we pointed
to the fact that this kind of resembles
a head and shoulders formation which
means it's a bullish formation there's
lots of good news everywhere we haven't
quite cleared it properly or
sufficiently yet uh and we can actually
see quite extensive sideways
consolidation here now it's interesting
that we're seeing sideways consolidation
at
67k uh as well as you know obviously a
uh quite quite a tense weekly candle
close coming to a coming to a close but
not quite there yet uh and the reason
this is interesting is not just because
it's interesting charts it's interesting
because we have such major events or
relatively major events coming up in the
next couple days but even in the next 12
hours so perhaps this stagnation we're
seeing at 67k on on the way up is is the
Market's way of saying wait a second
let's actually hold up and wait and see
what's going to happen with this you
know with the Jerome pal stret speech or
with employment let's wait and hold back
until that occurs people are sitting on
the sidelines until that actually
happens to get the confirmation so if we
do see uh Jerome pal come out and say oh
look we're we're going to keep uh we're
going to maintain the status quo and
he's not going to say anything too
controversial it just keeps everything
vague and there's no real massive uh
rate hike expectations to come soon
rather than later if he does do that
you'll you'll see very clearly because
the market will continue upwards right
the fact of the matter is the trajectory
of the market right now is upwards on a
macro scale that's the case for Bitcoin
on a medium-term and short-term scale
that's the case for Bitcoin bitcoin's
actually formed a medium-term upwards
Trend again or a short-term upwards
Trend again but also the S&P 500 uh is
very clearly uh pointing the direction
of up upwards is actually recently
broken above its alltime high again it's
in all-time highs right now after a
relatively strong very strong move in
the last month so the market is trending
upwards and as long as Jerome doesn't
come out here and say anything
completely unexpected uh then that's
going to be that's going to be the trend
that continues to occur uh so just
really relying on Mr pal uh not saying
anything too unexpected and if he
doesn't I I don't expect anything other
than upside price action to ensue uh but
yeah just just waiting on that and
seeing what happens there perhaps you
know unemployment and fomc meetings uh
meeting minutes which is coming two two
three days you know those are going to
have three or 4 days I should say affect
as well but once we get past kind of uh
Thursday this week we're going to have
no real major events for a a pretty
significant period of time so the
Market's just going to do its thing but
until we get past that point we are kind
of waiting on that news and waiting to
see what happens because we're in we're
in the middle of a range here have to
you have to remember right we're not at
the upside of the range at resistance
we're not at support we're in the middle
of a range fighting the midline
resistance of the range so we're very
much in a point of oh you know let's
wait and see here and settle back that's
what the Market is doing uh now I think
this this is a very bullish structure I
think the weekly candle is bullish I'm
macro bullish on bitcoin and I do think
this 67k level will break decisively uh
eventually it just depends on you know
whether Jerome pal said comes out and
said something uh that changes the
macroeconomic environment dramatically
if so we could see a pullback before
that occurs but I'm of course bullish on
bitcoin and my invalidation zone for all
of these claims my invalidation zone for
this bull market is a breakdown below
57k if we lose 7K I will probably Flip
bearish or at least very cautious on
bitcoin to start to De risk until that
occurs the macro still looks good to me
we're just waiting on these short-term
events we're looking at that 67k level
very closely and we're looking at that
Weekly candle very very closely as well
but everything is looking quite good
right now guys before we end the video I
want to quickly say uh I won't be making
a YouTube video uh for about 48 hours
maybe a little bit more uh probably
maybe even 72 hours 2 or 3 days uh
because I'm going camping so I W have
reception or access to computer when I
get back I'll obviously update you on
everything that's occurred uh uh
hopefully nothing hopefully there's not
too much changes and if there is
hopefully it's positive changes so we
can recap it but just keep that in mind
if you don't see any videos on this
channel for for a few days that's what's
happening I'm not leaving you all uh
before we end the video guys again VIP
group on telegram check it out spoke
about at the start another thing you
should check out is the bonix exchange
uh it's a global non kyc exchange you
can sign up from anywhere in the world
uh it's very much escaping the KY I see
regulation going on with big exchanges
right now I obviously also advertised
bitg and Bing X I still do my links for
those exchanges are down below but I'm
bringing bonix into this as well because
it's a smaller exchange that again can
escape some of that regulation uh so you
know take your pick which one do you
want you can choose there's three of
them right there all of which have my
referral links down below for exclusive
rewards and discounts and obviously
helping out the channel uh so check
those out if you're interested in
getting on into a new exchange I highly
recommend you do so then we also have
the crypto acy's become a Trader 10it
course if you want to get trading
education learn how to trade it's a
self-taught course 40 30 40 hours of
content Great Value check that out there
bull market sell limited time guys
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
I'll catch you soon
