okay everybody here we go it's me
Gregory manino Tuesday May 21st
2024 pre-market report let's start off
kind of where we left off
yesterday we discussed and it's common
knowledge look it up for yourself if you
don't believe what I'm about to tell you
but China is increasing their strategic
reserves of crude oil now this is being
played up by the mainstream media who's
actually talking about this
uh as this is a production issue it is
nothing to do with production okay this
is the lie that you're being sold the
reason here clearly that China is
increasing their strategic reserves of
crude oil it's it's multiple fold here
and let's cover what's happening crude
oil as I said yesterday I've covered
this before is Black Gold the world runs
on crude oil it's the lifeblood of the
military IND industrial
complex and again understanding the
situation here we're at War the world is
at War the this war is going to expand
period um just you know that's where
we're going here uh and that's also
multifaceted here uh as as well but
let's just stick to a couple of uh
dynamics that are in play again China is
increasing their strategic oil reserves
because they're getting ready for war
more war two crude oil black gold as I
said Greg manarino has been explained to
all of you you need exposure to
Commodities Commodities Commodities
crude oil being a commodity as well uh I
don't know another way to say this to
all of you you need exposure to
Commodities I put out six or seven now
um articles in my newsletter free to
everybody Link in the description of
this video right covered some of the top
exchange traded funds which will allow
you exposure to Commodities if you don't
want to own an
ETF this silver you know I'm even going
to tell you this forget gold I love gold
it's my second favorite asset of all
time but this is number one if you have
to pick one horde silver how do I say
this another way people this asset here
I've covered this upside down back
backwards and sideways why I believe
it's the most unded asset in the world I
covered the Dow gold ratio recently in a
video I I I put out an entire piece an
article in my newsletter for all of
you this is it you understand period
period the freaking End I don't know
another way to say this but again so
China
increasing apparently vastly increasing
their strategic reserves with regard to
crude oil meanwhile here in the United
States our strategic reserves are being
drained okay we're about at half
capacity right now now look it up for
yourself it's easy to find um this puts
us at a
disadvantage looking at the global
picture where we're going more war more
death more pain more suffering more
spending on everything you could dream
about much much higher inflation a
society being brought to its knees by
central banks working together you know
this already okay I don't know another
way to put this anyway
so this should concern you it's not what
it's being played out to be on the
mainstream it never is okay so again
China increasing strategic reserves
they're putting themselves in a war
footing I believe it's only a matter of
time before there is a direct conflict
an uh a hot war between China and the
United already a cold war going on here
you got Janet Yellen uh she was out this
morning uh yesterday actually and this
morning on the mainstream media they
they're they're put her ugly face
everywhere talking about how the United
States doesn't want to decouple from
China we want to diversify first of all
let me explain this to you in case you
don't know uh if in fact we were not
importing all this stuff from China and
we have no choice we don't make anything
here in this nation could you only
imagine the cost of living here in the
United States uh what you're not being
allowed to know is again China holds the
cards I don't another way to put this
okay it's unfortunate what has happened
to this
once great nation here and that we've
turned ourselves into an import Nation a
nation of slaves a nation of scoped
brain dead people who are being fish fed
uh from every angle uh falsehoods
propaganda lies you know that all right
and there's just no other way to put
this it's it's unbelievable but anyway
we get all this and this gives us uh a
lot of power it allows us to POS
position ourselves in the right places
now let's look over at this Market real
quick stock futures this morning are are
relatively flat 10 year year 4.43 flat
now this is from this morning with
regard to risk in this market I covered
this yesterday yesterday risk is rising
okay I this is from this morning but I
did put a new support line here for you
so you can see what I'm talking about um
this really could go either way right
now without direct intervention from the
Federal Reserve If the Fed intervenes
and starts increasing their purchases of
debt you will see risk drop you
understand if they do not risk is going
to rise this is going to put pressure on
the markets as it always does okay and
uh the Market's not going to be happy
but understanding what we are in now
again the big picture is we're in a
presidential selection cycle they must
prop up the market so it is my belief
still that we are going to see this drop
but we're going to keep our eyes on this
okay um risk goes up Market's going to
hate it risk goes down Market's going
higher and it will go higher faster okay
the stock
market uh the the the quicker that the
economy falls through the floor again
we've been sold a fairy tale a liar
economy is strong with the en with the
Envy of the world okay not true
obviously they're laughing at us they're
laughing at us all unfortunately and
they believe that American people
probably are the stupidest people on the
face of the Earth buying all the
propaganda from the mainstream media and
it's all just that just garbage now
touching on a couple of other aspects of
the market gold and silver this morning
are under a little bit of pressure good
this is bullish here we've made a hell
of a run higher lately with gold and
silver let them consolidate we're going
higher currency devaluation more
specifically dollar devaluation is going
to be the name of the game moving
forward whether it's Trump who gets
selected or whether it's Biden who gets
reselected as the creature to sit behind
the Resolute desk Trump has already told
us what's going on here he wants the
dollar weaker this is not good for you
great for multinational corporations uh
appear at the end the corporate agenda
is going to be fulfilled no matter who
again sits behind the Resolute desk so
if you think you have someone that
they're going to put there that's going
to help you it's a pipe dream ain't
happening okay uh and and and more
propping up of this Market but again
after the presidential selection I think
things are going to change and they
could change dramatically okay World
arming themselves strategic reserves
here being built up War footing more
spending for war hundreds of billions of
dollars going to be in the trillions
there's no doubt about it and
um it's just it's just a crazy situation
we're in as I said gold and silver under
a little pressure right now a little bit
we need to see this right now
cryptocurrencies higher Bitcoin over
71,000 going much much higher okay uh
cryptocurrencies and aggregate higher
this morning as well crude oil and there
some pressure this morning again I think
this is uh for for you crude oil Traders
out here you're laughing I know you are
you're looking at this as opportunity
because you understand what's going on
um and we're going to take nothing how
can I say this another way not one
single thing is going to get by you or
me okay uh
as long as I'm sitting here kind of at
the helm the daddy of this entire thing
I can promise you with all I got in my
heart and everything else I will never
ever let something get by me which means
nothing's getting by you you understand
I I I think you got that down we know
what we're doing we know why we're doing
we're not going to change the damn thing
that's the beauty of the strategy that
you and I have been employing for 10
years now betting against the debt
becoming a one central banks looking for
opportunity because again all we got is
each other with no Pol politician
president whoever the freak else uh out
there is looking out for you we are
looking out for each other and that
gives us enormous power enormous
strength you understand I think you do
anyway so I want you to consider what
I've been saying here you got China
building up their strategic oil reserves
we're at half capacity this puts us at a
disadvantage moving forward because we
are Marching towards more war period
more spending for more spending for
everything you could dream about the
Reserve continues to inflate here okay
devaluing the currency they're in a
they're on a mission to destroy the
economy along with central banks around
the world you know this bringing down an
entire class of people but we're not
going to let them beat us they're not
going to beat us they're going to beat
most of the people out here because they
have no clue as to what's happening but
you and me we got this down and again we
got each other so um we're going to keep
our eyes on this as I said there's a
link in the description of this video
free to everyone here let's watch this
line This support line are we going to
break here's the question all right in
your opinion do you believe that the FED
is going to step in here and buy more
debt that's my take on it honestly uh
but you you don't have to agree with me
on this If the Fed gets in here and buys
more debt I would expect to see a
breakdown here breakdown through this
support If the Fed does not risk is
rising this number is going up we're
probably going to end and back up in a
Red Zone here or an extreme risk
situation and the market is going to
hate it you
understand anyway I want to hear from
you on that um what do you think where's
this going here all right this guy here
loves you a lot from the hard people I
can't stress that enough to you we got
each other's backs and in my view that
gives us so much power that it's uh we
can't be beaten we can't possibly be
beaten my Lions out here they're they're
ripping the face off of all this we've
been killing this market across the
board every the board meaning uh with
regard to Commodities understanding
where we need to be getting into
cryptocurrencies
here everything else we just we got this
across the board all right look I'm
going to let you go I will see you later
4 5:00 P PM Eastern from my live stream
people until we meet again take care of
yourselves and take care of each other
