Bitcoin is seeing a significant
rejection from very critical resistance
and on today's update video I will be
talking about the most important Bitcoin
support and resistance map which is
going to be tell us something about that
next move and more importantly on
today's update video I will be talking
about my new takeprofit Target because
yes I have just adjusted my full
take-profit Target on my $900,000
Bitcoin long position so today's update
video I will be telling you what Target
it is where will will be doing so and of
course I will be discussing the most
important charts and patterns which are
going to tell us something about where
that next move is heading towards so
without any further Ado don't forget to
once again slap up the like button back
up of 1,000 likes and with that of being
said let me jump straight away in
towards the imminent short- term on
bitcoin so looking at the imminent
short- term currently we can see that
Bitcoin of course is creating this new
consolidation phase after we had this
significant rally towards the upside
we've seen some consolidation right here
Bitcoin broke down found support on this
very important level right here
currently this exact level has been
providing support two times in a row for
Bitcoin and now we've also seen the
rejection exactly from the point we've
previously also saw rejection from so
Bitcoin is basically once again in a new
consolidation phase and I want to be
pointing out is that whenever we do
break above 70.5k the next resistance is
going to be 71 and if we break above 71
we're going to be once again having that
next resistance at the top side of the
region and if we break Above This stop
side of the region yeah then I think
Bitcoin is going to be going towards the
Range High which is sitting somewhere
around
73.8k and yes that is my target I think
Bitcoin is going to be going towards and
I also do think that I want to be
closing my trade over there I mean I'm
currently saying I do think but I can
tell you I will be closing my trade on
73.8k and that is because my trade is
already in the top of all the positions
and that is why the risk is only going
to be far greater as I'm going to be
holding the trade open the funding rates
are going to become way higher and of
course if Bitcoin sees that move towards
the downside I'm going to be losing out
of my gains your gains will only be
realized once you of course close your
trade so yeah I will be doing so on
$73,000 I think that that is a very
realistic Target where I think Bitcoin
could be potentially seeing some
resistance and of course if we
potentially break below this very
important support box right here we are
most likely going to be going lower and
the targets where I think Bitcoin is
heading towards if we break below that
level is most likely this previous high
in the market right here which is
sitting somewhere around
67.5k so if that were to be happening
Bitcoin is going to be falling down
quite significantly and yeah then we
could be maybe seeing somewhat of a
different structure but just like I said
many times before a retest of the
previous resistance flipping it back
into support If This Were to be
happening I mean the trend overall on
bitcoin is looking bullish we're
creating a massive reversal pattern here
on the bigger perspective and it's going
to be all more than likely that we are
actually going to be bouncing up higher
you can see right here boom we created
that lower high structure together with
lower lows and then once we confirm that
lower low structure into ours in higher
low structure we created also that
higher high structure at the same time
and basically if you're just looking at
the bigger perspective of it we're just
creating a massive cup pattern right
here a massive cup and maybe right now
we're creating a slight little handle
before that massive breakout higher and
yes I really do believe that still
there's a very big possibility we're
just going to be grabbing the liquidity
on the top side of the region and then
potentially come down again here and
that is why I have set up my T full
takeprofit Target on the top side right
there not because I don't think Bitcoin
is going to be going higher than that
point but more that I am definitely
satisfied with the profits I will be
making because I long Bitcoin on the
exact bottom right here and if I can
take profit on
$73,000 I will be making already more
than
$240,000 and that is for me enough on
this trade and I will be just looking at
the next opportunity to open up a new
trade once again so currently we're
seeing that Bitcoin is running indeed
into Massive Resistance and I believe
that yes this is a very serious level of
resistance we need to be breaking above
off because this is just literally the
resistance sitting around the Tim high
for Bitcoin and this is just not a level
you're easily going to be breaking
through of so we're once again at the
top side of the region I do believe that
Bitcoin of course eventually is going to
be breaking up higher if we are also
looking at the liquidation heat map we
can still see that indeed we grabbed
that massive liquidity of about5 billion
US worth of short positions around 68 to
$67,000 Boom liquidity is grap and right
now the last liquidity that's laying in
the market is laying somewhere around
73.8k which is about 5.7 billion usar so
a small6 billion US dollars worth of
bitcoin short liquidations is still
laying above us and I still think that
ultimately Bitcoin is going to be
grabbing it and I'm not saying that
we're going to be seeing that squeeze up
higher from off that point because I do
right now see that the funding rates are
rising again here and this is also a
signal that the market is getting a
little bit more euphoric again and also
tomorrow on Thursday so in exactly one
day from now on we're going to get the
final deadline for the sport ethereum
ETF currently there's an about 65%
Chance is going to get accepted and if
it does get accepted the market is most
likely going to be pumping very
significantly but if we do see a
rejection however the market is most
likely going to be reacting very bearish
towards it and of course especially
ethereum is going to be reacting very
bearish towards it but I am overall very
excited to see what is going to be
happening towards it I think that we are
most likely going to get it accepted and
we are going to be knowing in an
approximately 48 hours from now on so
make sure to subscribe to the channel
and follow me on Twitter especially
because there is the place you will be
knowing it first so once Bitcoin is
going to be hitting 73.8k I'm of course
going to be closing this straight but
straight away after I'm going to be
looking at my next trade and yeah if you
want to be joining me with my next trade
don't forget to subscribe to the channel
right now here Smash Up The Bell
notification so you're going to be
staying up to date about what I'm going
to be doing next and if you are
interested in trading yourself check out
the link in description of today's video
because if you right now want to be
trading just like me you can currently
claim a free $200 trade on buybit and
you can claim it right now for only
depositing $100 in your first seven days
and here is how you do it you go to the
link description of today's video you
press on this link you deposit $100 in
your first seven days and boom you could
be claiming the free $200 trade it's
super simple it's super easy and the
$100 you're depositing to claim this
trade is also completely withdrawable so
if you're interested in trading check it
out in the link description of today's
video going further of course we have
been seeing that clearly um in this
cycle once again it looks to be the 20
to 23% Corrections is the new standard
for Bitcoin and I want to be straight
away pointing out if Bitcoin were to be
right now creating that next L towards
the upside which I think is most likely
going to be happening if we're then
going to be seeing that next 20%
correction I'm straight away once again
going to be the one that is going to be
accumulating loads and loads of Bitcoin
um and in loads and loads of positions
once we're going to come down again here
so that is going to be my strategy what
I'm going to be doing and of course
whenever that's going to be happening
you will be the first one to know what's
we going to be doing so and right now is
well we can actually start to see that
the bu flag pattern on bitcoin is
breaking out which is most likely going
to be catapulting us up towards $100,000
and while this is all happening we're
seeing that still on the spot back one
ETF we just actually hit a new AUM high
in terms of total cumulative flow and
that is actually quite far a bullish
thing what we're currently seeing
because more and more money is still
flowing in towards the market and as
long as more money is flowing in we're
going to be seeing higher prices coming
in as well so in the last one and a half
week all alone we've seen more than 1.5
billion US dollars of inflow on the
sport Bitcoin ETF so that is actually
very great to see here so hopefully this
trend is going to be continuing so
hopefully we're going to be seeing this
trend continue but anyways this was it
for me in today's up the video if you
did enjoy it don't forget to slap all
the like button subscribe to the channel
and see you guys on the next one peace
out goodbye
