how's it going everyone it's Sam a lot
of people know that bitcoin's price goes
up over time in US dollar terms and it's
kind of crazy when you start looking at
some of the numbers like uh this chart's
gone around on Twitter a lot the price
of a house in Bitcoin going from 664
Bitcoin back in 2016 to 45 Bitcoin in
2020 to six Bitcoin in 2024 and it
starts to get your imagination going
okay where is Bitcoin going to be in the
future will one house be equivalent to
one Bitcoin and it got me wondering you
know houses are an appreciating asset I
wonder what other items that actually
become less expensive over time look
like priced in Bitcoin you know that TV
that you bought that you just had to
have because it was a 42in flat screen
how many Bitcoin did that cost you and
maybe this gives us some indication as
to where we should put our money now and
I have a very
interesting uh a very interesting metric
to look at at the which I think will be
the most impactful which is how much is
your time worth in Bitcoin over time
which is going to be really interesting
I broke down three different assets that
we can look at here TVs cars and your
time so we're going to go through each
of those in addition to this Bitcoin and
houses uh example two now before we get
started if you do want to trade
cryptocurrency there is a link to Marx
underneath the video you can sign up in
just like 30 seconds because there's no
kyc which means you don't have to put in
a bunch of personal information you can
start trading very quickly and there's
also a link to blof Fin and coin W as
well in case for some reason you don't
want to try Marx you can try one of
those other exchanges now let's take a
look at what what is a Bitcoin worth now
obviously all of us have seen the chart
of Bitcoin over time right it becomes
more and more valuable as time goes on
in US dollar terms and everyone looks at
that pretty often but there's an awesome
website called priced in Bitcoin and it
shows you how much Bitcoin is worth over
time priced in a bunch of different
assets so maybe the US dollar if you
look at Bitcoin versus the US Dollar on
the day it's negative the dollar is -
2.35% on the week it's ne9 on the month
the year to day it's 34% if you had held
dollars for The Last 5 Years you'd be
down 89% versus just holding Bitcoin you
can look at other Fiat currencies you
can look at precious mod Metals
Commodities and all this so I want to
look again at asset that people don't
typically look at right as I said you
know a lot of people might look at this
the price of a house based in Bitcoin
because this chart or this this uh
picture has gone around Twitter a lot
and it just shows you okay houses are
appreciating assets you can see that the
price of homes goes up significantly and
people always talk about how it's
unaffordable to buy a home partly
because of interest rates but also
because the price of homes just goes up
because of inflation but but when you
consider how easy it was to buy a
Bitcoin in 2016 versus buying a Bitcoin
now that's actually become a m a much
more difficult thing A lot of people are
willing to make housing payments right
maybe one2 $3,000 a month because you
know you do need a place to live but
they're not willing to invest1 two
$3,000 a month into Bitcoin most people
can't do that but they got me thinking
okay the things that people do put their
money towards fun things right how much
how much is that throwing you off of
your Bitcoin goals and how much has uh
Bitcoin gone up versus some of these
other things that we seem to need we
want flat screen TVs we want fast cars
uh so let's take a look at this this is
the cost of a model 3 Performance Over
The Last 5 Years uh versus Bitcoin so in
2019 a model 3 Performance cost about
$64,000 again this this is just like a
Tesla Model 3 their fastest version cost
$64,000 and there there have been some
spikes but I took it right at the
beginning of the year um
209 64,000 the price of Bitcoin was
around $4,000 then in 2021 the price of
a model 3 Performance went down a little
bit to 55,000 and bitcoin's price was
right around 34,000 then now with the
tax credit in mind the price of a model
3 Performance is about 47,500
without the without the tax credit it's
about the same as it was in 2021 again
it spiked up in 2022 then came back down
but the price of Bitcoin has been going
up so the cost in Bitcoin of a model 3
was 16.2 we can make this we can make
this chart again uh what was it this one
we can make it with a performance model
3 if we wanted to 16.2 Bitcoin in 2021
it cost 1.61 Bitcoin now it cost
Bitcoin a couple weeks ago or a month
ago when Bitcoin was priced at 75,000 it
would have just cost 63 Bitcoin so over
time it it makes more sense to invest in
something like Bitcoin because yeah you
could buy a significant amount of these
model 3es if you had just put The
$64,000 into Bitcoin right if you're
going to buy it in cash for example if
you put into Bitcoin now you could
afford 16.2
uh Bitcoin or you would have bought 16.2
Bitcoin which would be the equivalent of
how many is that you can now buy
22.8 Tesla Model 3s at today's current
price now this isn't even the worst
thing that you could have bought let's
take a look at TVs a lot of people love
TVs right you're watching media and it
does feel nice to have a nice big
highdef TV on your wall uh I think it
used to be a bigger deal now the prices
of TVs have come down significantly
there's actually a cool calculator that
I used called in 2013.com you can price
different televisions and it shows you
how much they've devalued over time they
devalue significantly every year uh
sometimes all the way up to 25%
sometimes as low as just a few percent
in
2021 yeah in 2021 it looks like they
actually became 6% more expensive but
over time they generally get less and
less expensive so in 2014 a TV cost
let's say you got a TV that was $11,000
now that same TV would cost like $
275 you probably got like a 42in screen
or something like that now that's kind
of on the smaller side for a lot of
people that's not their main TV maybe
they have that in a bedroom or something
but that same ,000 TV would just cost
$276 now 2019 you could buy $1,000 TV
that would cost
$684 now like the same equivalent TV and
it might even be cheaper than that
because I'm not sure they're selling
2014 TVs anymore unless it's like at a
garage sale but just the same technology
would cost a lot less now the price of
Bitcoin was a lot less expensive back in
2014
$86 2019 $ 3950 now it's $67,000 so the
Bitcoin per $11,000 TV you would have
bought about 1.24 Bitcoin if you had
just bought a Bitcoin or if you had just
bought Bitcoin instead of a TV back then
so instead of in your third bedroom room
buying that flat screen TV that you
didn't need you could have just bought
1.24 Bitcoin 2019 you could have bought
a quarter of a Bitcoin now you could buy
0.149 Bitcoin with that $1,000 now if
you had bought Bitcoin instead of that
TV and you want to buy that TV now that
$276 TV you could buy 300 of them with
that 1.24 Bitcoin that you had or you
could buy 25 2019 TVs that now cost 685
so it is interesting when you just look
at putting putting your money your
stored labor in an asset that
appreciates instead of one that becomes
devalued now of course I'm not telling
you not to buy any cars or any TVs cuz
these are things that you know you can
generally get enjoyment out of but it is
just something to consider when you're
thinking okay do I need the 85 in TV or
could I just get a 65 in and then maybe
put the rest into Bitcoin do I need the
model 3 Performance new or could I buy
one one or two years old it's maybe
30,000 35,000 instead of
48,000 right and then probably the
craziest thing the craziest chart of
them all we have your wages okay the
average wage has gone up obviously in
the US back in 2016 this is coming from
let's see where this is this is coming
from the Fred Fred economic data or the
Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis
the average wage according to this of
all employees in the private sector was
2.38 an hour $25 an hour in 2016 then it
moved up to 26.7 3 28.4 4 now it says
the average wage is 34.5 that seems high
to me but this is the private sector so
maybe it changes a little bit I couldn't
find one for all sectors but let's just
go with it this is the Bitcoin price
over time
$434 back in 2016 in that bare Market
and then 2018 15,000 and 2020 7500 2022
about 40,000 and now about
67,000 if you took one week's
wages one week I guess just one week
wage uh in Bitcoin you could have had
about 2.34 Bitcoin okay so you make $25
an hour times 40 hours that's about
$1,000 you go put that into Bitcoin that
would have gotten you about 2.34 Bitcoin
back in 2018 it was bought you about 007
Bitcoin
202015 and this again is just the
average now let's say you would put that
one week's wage into Bitcoin how many
weeks would this buy you now
154 weeks back in 2016 so basically you
spent one week working and you get 154
weeks off that's amazing okay
2018 one week would have bought you now
4.5 weeks in 2020 would have bought you
n weeks in 2022 1.69 weeks now one week
would buy you one week obviously now why
do I even bring up this last chart I
bring it up because money really is just
a store of your economic value so if you
do something that's less valuable you
still get money but it's less it's less
than if you were doing something very
valuable and it's basically just a way
to store that economic value over time
instead of just getting Goods right away
that could perish you can save some of
that economic value you did a week ago
two weeks ago a year ago 5 years ago 20
years ago and you can bring it into the
future without it spoiling right or
being wasted so you can put your money
into something like Bitcoin that is a
better money and as more and more people
adopt it well it becomes more valuable
and then your past economic value is
becoming more valuable as well right
because people are basically paying you
more to get what you have right which is
the Bitcoin they want it so badly
because they think it will help their
economic value their stored value
appreciate more in the future as well so
if you're earlier on the train well
people will pay you more basically just
increasing your old hourly rates another
way to think about this is if you put
this hourly wage is
$25.3 times 40 so the weekly wage into
Bitcoin that's the equivalent of an
hourly rate of about $$
3,918 or $120 $120 in 2018 254 53 so you
are actually making much more if you
store your economic value and something
that appreciates and it makes sense now
let me know your thoughts on all this
underneath the video do you think this
is helpful to see different items priced
in Bitcoin that don't appreciate like a
car or a TV does it make you focused a a
little bit more on saving and investing
or do you think it just makes you feel a
little bit more fomo let me know your
thoughts Down Below in the comments
section let me know if you want me to do
more of these videos as well thank you
so much I appreciate again you can check
out Marx or coin W blof fin underneath
the video in case you want to start
trading and I will see you in the next
video
