okay guys Bitcoin is right now forming a
bearish Divergence let me show you here
we might be seeing this bearish signal
potentially uh solidify here if Bitcoin
does break down a little bit here so I
wouldn't say it's confirmed yet but it
is something that could definitely play
out here if uh if we see a bit of a a
downtrend here so it's a bearish
Divergence could even be a smaller
falling wedge sorry Rising wedge which
is a bearish pattern uh right there this
is obviously on the 4H hour time frame
so it's a it's a 4H hour time frame
bearish signal while on the bigger time
frame we're still in of course the
breakout out of this massive falling
wedge so it comes back down to those
time frame differences here so we can be
bullish on The Daily while bearish on
the 4H hour that's a possibility and
that is something that could be
happening right here um however
um I I do I do still lean more on the
bullish side here because of um the the
falling wedge that broke out and also
the fact that we have these um you can
see these moving averages here let me
see if I can explain this well here so
we have this blue one here which is the
100 that we bounced off of right there
we bounced right there which is exactly
as predicted remember that's exactly
what I told you guys it's going to
happen or it's likely to happen 70%
chance that we go up 30 % we go down and
then we have these smaller moving
averages the 25 and the seven and they
are right now exactly in this moment
bouncing off of The 100 like literally
bouncing off of The 100 right now that
is a strong signal showing us that we
have a lot of support in this region
which means that I'm happy to be in my
long positions so this is my long
position over on bitflex 19x Leverage we
made a few ,000 it's 100% in profits
that's bit flex link down below and over
on buybit I actually put a a bit of a
bigger position here um a $1.3 million
position and since yesterday or two days
ago I made now $50,000 here if you guys
opened up this position let me know in
the comments uh buybit gives you right
now $50,000 per sign up and bit flex
gives you
$68,000 per sign up that's more than
$100,000 so links down below
um but yeah I'm happy to be uh long here
to be honest and also yesterday um on my
video I opened up a ethereum position
let's take a look at
that look at that we made money there as
well 50% profits already that's $2,000
guys the reason why I did that was
because of us breaking out out of this
um resistance right there and it's
actually also a beautiful falling wedge
so let me know in the comments if you
guys actually jumped into that position
um it's not too late obviously I want to
see more volume coming in here but we
are breaking out I think that's just a
fact um and yeah you can open up this
position over on bflix or buy it
wherever you want um that's what I did
and also please please guys if you can
leave a thumbs up that would mean the
world to me if we can get just 2,000
likes on this video would be incredible
and don't forget to subscribe and and
leave comments you know I read the
comments every single day test me make a
comment see if I read it like I read
every single comment every single day
and I try to reply at least to two or
three of you guys when you have either a
great question or you say something very
nice so if you want to do that please
guys I love you all you're amazing um
but yeah so that's ethereum that's
Bitcoin and um thank you guys for being
amazing I love you all if you haven't
seen this video right here then you're
missing out I made this music video uh
for a song that I recorded back in 2012
2012 guys go check it out bye-bye
