how's it going everyone it's Sam the
ETFs are doing the unthinkable here
today bitcoin's price is spiking up
we're well above $770,000 now spiking
all the way to
72,000 getting rejected at 72,000 I want
to talk about what's happening what's
the news that's coming out today that is
spiking such a huge rally in Bitcoin up
7.25% in ethereum up
20% and know there are a lot of other
alt coins as well Pepe up 22% Doge up
10% salana is up 10% uni up 23% what is
causing all of this excitement we'll
talk about it if you don't mind hit
subscribe turn on the Bell notification
there's also a link to Marx underneath
the video and there are a couple links
to blof Fin and coin W I've been talking
about going long on crypto how I thought
it was a good idea especially on the
Bitcoin chart when we were in this
60,000
range just a few days ago it's crazy to
think but it was literally a week ago
that Bitcoin was at $60,000 let me let
me get out of the one minute here if we
look here it was not that long ago that
we were at
$60,000 we're right at the short-term
holder cost basis which acted as a nice
little bounce there and I said hey if
you go three or 4X long right let's say
you go 4X long on bitcoin point at
60,000 we have up until
45,000 where you would have security
right you wouldn't get liquidated and as
you can see here we would have gone
through this Zone we have gone through
this prior resistance we had a lot of
cushion and that's exactly what I did
and we're moving up nicely so if you do
want to trade right we could break out
above this prior alltime High maybe flip
it back into support right if you do
want to trade you can use the links
underneath the video now a lot of people
getting liquidated today a lot of shorts
being liquidated this is why I don't
like to short the best performing asset
of all time because often times you get
liquidated 272 million I covered this
just a few hours ago and it was at 70
million when I started the video 100
million when I ended it that was 4 hours
ago now another 170 million being
liquidated which is causing us to spike
up that's what happens right if you
let's go down to the one minute here if
you see big
moves like this it's pretty obvious
that's what's happening someone bought
caused some short liquidations and it
continues to go up in a faster and
faster Pace maybe what happened here too
but there's also some buying here today
there's definitely some buying we can
see that from the ETFs uh which I'll
show it just in a second but you know
we're not quite to all-time highs for
the US dollar but when you compare to a
lot of other currencies Bitcoin is
hitting all-time highs remember a lot of
other currencies have worse than the US
dollar a lot of them are inflating at
faster rates I mean some are inflating
10% a month which sounds crazy but it's
true so yeah a lot of people have
started to see all-time highs in their
own currency because it's been has it
been a month two months since we're at
70,000 so yeah it's definitely causing
some people to pay attention now uh
because it is hitting new highs right
it's been a month since 70,000 now
we also have some ethereum news um which
we'll we'll cover here in a second but
look at these ETF flows so only 450
Bitcoin are mined each day last week we
had over a th000 bought every single day
of the week some some days up to 4,000
Bitcoin but let's scroll down here ibit
had a strong volume day 1.25 billion
gbtc and fbtc right around half a
billion Beto 25050 million bitwise had a
strong day $24
million gbtc has another inflow day
fourth consecutive positive day $9
million okay if there aren't going to be
outflows coming from gbtc there's
probably not going to be outflows that's
a good indication that everyone is
buying Black Rock had a $65 million
inflow day and we have AR B with a $68
million day higher than ibit that's more
than 2 days of Supply just from Arc B
that would be if the miners sold
everything which some of the miners are
holding if they can hold they're
generally trying to hold now because
this is typically a good time for
Bitcoin and the Bitcoin price fbtc was
64 million okay so we're at 231 million
so far today that is crazy I mean that's
over 3,000 that's what 3,200 something
like that 3200 Bitcoin being bought here
today and there's still a few more more
ETFs coming in so that is causing a lot
of the rally that's also what's causing
a lot of the short liquidations I mean
this is a big big candle so this is what
is going to happen during the bull
market that's why I said like this could
be a crazy week this is why I've said
the last couple weeks even when we're
down hey pay attention you do not want
to tune out now this is not the end of
the bull market this is when you want to
dial in maybe build some positions go
long look at this re this reverse head
and shoulders right you can see shoulder
head shoulder and that massive move okay
so we'll talk more about what's
happening next with Bitcoin and honestly
you know I I say the ETFs did
Unthinkable and that's because a week
ago everyone was bearish right like one
week ago on Monday we were at 60,000
keep in mind that's when we were at
60,000 and people were thinking okay
we're just going to have a higher a
lower high a lower low a lower high and
then they thought we're going to have a
lower low again maybe hitting the low
50s I had some people on my channel even
last week prot Trader that said I think
we could hit lower
50,000 and then we moved up so this was
the unthinkable who could have thought
that the ETFs would want to buy Bitcoin
and that's why I said like last week
that on Wednesday it was going to be
really important because we're going to
see a lot of 13 F fings we're probably
going to see a lot of the holdouts that
didn't want people to know that they're
buying Bitcoin they wanted to wait to
the very last second that we're going to
see them them buying Bitcoin and we did
see that we saw half of the hedge funds
out there we saw a state penion go out
there and buy Bitcoin so yeah this is
the unthinkable to some people how could
we ever see inflows after we saw
outflows but keep in mind the market the
market takes a while to start buying
assets like this especially when you're
talk about hedge funds when you're talk
about L large money managers so I think
we have more of this in our future keep
in mind it could always turn bearish
again just as quickly as we turn bullish
we could turn
bearish but everyone's very bullish
right now okay secc tells exchanges to
update their ethereum ETF filings on an
accelerated basis this is coming from
coindesk okay so obviously if the SEC is
going out of their way to tell exchanges
to update their ETF filings this is
bullish it seems kind of like a last
minute thing like hey change this around
because we kind I don't want to approve
it but just when you think something's
going to get approved in Bitcoin or in
crypto often times especially if it's
SEC related they kind of rug pull so
just be careful if you have been waiting
to buy ethereum this whole time and you
thought I do not want to touch ethereum
I do not want to touch ethereum I do not
want to touch
ethereum I don't always know if it's the
best thing to do to go by when we're up
20% in one day like I actually had this
long that I put on a while ago up 55%
now it is a very small long I I'll be
honest with you it's a very small long I
have another long that's open on another
platform for ethereum
but I generally think it's better to buy
these assets when no one wants
them like recently even the ethereum
Bitcoin uh valuation was down a lot
salana versus ethereum was up a lot I
even thought to myself today this
morning last week the week before that
maybe I should flip out ethereum either
into Bitcoin or Salon but I said no nope
that is when you don't want to sell when
you feel like you've held out and held
out and it just keeps on going down in
value just hold on a little bit longer
now maybe maybe this is a time where
you're like hey maybe I want to take a
couple chips off the table maybe I do
want to convert some of my ethereum now
okay I get that a little bit because we
have seen a big move if this doesn't pan
out we're probably right back down to be
honest like we're probably right back
down to 3,000 or so maybe 31003 200 but
uh yeah just be careful be careful
whenever you buy an asset that's up 20%
a day you don't typically want to chase
in cryptocurrency now this is
interesting okay two interesting things
first of all look at this line here we
broke this
downtrend so This downtrend put us right
at about 713 I know some Traders were
looking at 714 we broke out above it so
that that's good first of all second of
all um we are very close to alltime
highs again if we look from where we're
at right now we're about 3.4% we only
2.5% at our Peak earlier when we're at
72 so yeah I said this a few days ago
but it doesn't take long for us to get
back to alltime highs I think I said
this literally yesterday or the day
before cuz we had a we had a $6,000
candle recently um on The Daily and
today I said hey you got to be careful
be ready because we could see another
candle let me move over to bitcoin we
could see another green candle like that
and we can be right back at alltime
highs this weekend I said hey I think
the Bottom's in we bounced off the
short-term holder cost basis uh and I
think we're going to see some more
inflows next week we're going to see
some fomo what do you know we started
this week at the or today at the very
top of last what is that last Wednesday
something like that uh so uh just even
from Friday we came down a little bit
over the weekend then big bump up right
these solid ETF flow days where we see
$3
$4,000 worth of bitcoin bought or three
or 4,000 Bitcoin bought this can lead
$6,000 days um so we could be at new
all-time highs literally tomorrow or the
next day just be ready um make sure that
you have all your positions that you
want whenever you feel like you need to
get out of the market typically a decent
time to to be buying whenever you're
taking screenshots of however much money
you've made or however much your crypto
is worth typically a good time to be
taking some profits so maybe maybe if
you did go long on this recent rally
maybe you want to take some profits if
you're on some higher leverage right now
I'm on a lot of low leverage Longs I
have a lot through four different
platforms four different platforms three
of them are right here and then one
other one I had a little bit of money on
but yeah I've I've put up a lot of low
leverage Longs that I'm going to keep
for a long time like these are going to
be positions I think I ride throughout a
lot of the bull market so if you want to
do that you can check out the links to
Marx blof fin coin W if you want to
support a Bitcoin business there is a
link to Beck andulo which makes some of
the best meat I think in all of North
America honestly I I love sausages I
love BRS I love hamburgers and steaks
this is some of the best stuff that I've
had and everyone that I brought to
literally they said this is unbelievable
so if you use the code Finance 15 you
can get 15% off and you can support a
Bitcoin business they literally save in
Bitcoin so check them out underneath
thank you so much I will see you in the
next video bye
