welcome to the coin Bureau Weekly News
rounder my name is Jessica and my name
is guy here are the top stories in
crypto this
[Music]
week BTC wobbles again the top
cryptocurrency falls after another
failed recovery rally leading traders to
caution that bigger losses could come
soon how low will BTC go ethereum ETF
hopes comment made by asset managers and
adjustments to their filings suggest a
spot ethereum ETF isn't necessarily dead
in the water everything you need to know
AI recovery rally AI cryptos explode
higher in response to an imminent
Announcement by open Ai and microchip
company earnings which AI cryptos have
the most potential macro indicators on
the slide oil prices interest rates and
the US dollar start to roll over
foreshadowing a massive rally for risk
assets when could the rally occur and a
closer look at last week's top
performing cryptos and where they could
be headed next all this and More in just
a
moment last week BTC experienced more
downside volatility after it attempted a
recovery it's not clear what caused the
sudden dip but the result was the usual
hundreds of millions of dollars of of
long Liquidations in Practical terms
this resulted in hundreds of millions of
dollars of automated BTC selling over a
short period whatever the Catalyst was
it must have been crypto specific
because the stock market simultaneously
continued to rise for context if the
Catalyst had been macro related then
stocks would have dipped as well the
absence of this dip tells us that some
piece of crypto news spooked crypto
investors our best guess is that it was
related to a hitpiece published by
mainstream media Outlets alleging that
certain entities in the crypto industry
had been manipulating prices on certain
exchanges now not sure who needs to hear
it but price manipulation is common
across almost all asset markets even the
largest case in point Mega Bank JP
Morgan was fined almost one billion
dollar for manipulating precious metals
markets and treasury markets in
September 20 for reference the treasury
markets are the most liquid in the world
meaning that they should theoretically
be immune to manipulation apparently not
in any case another possible explanation
for the Divergence between stocks and
crypto could be because of stock
BuyBacks as the term suggests stock
BuyBacks are when companies well buy
back their own stocks obviously this
causes the prices of these stocks to
rise as it so happens Apple recently
announced the largest stock buyback ever
clocking in at an incredible
$10
billion of course investors have already
priced in most of this buying hence why
stocks Rose last week even though the
buying technically hasn't started yet
regardless BTC is once again sitting at
the critical level of 60k at least at
the time of shooting the recent
rejection from the balling Jaan moving
average on The Daily seen here is a bad
sign in our book it suggests that BTC is
running out of room to Rally something
noted by other Traders as well in our
estimation BTC only has a few days to
retest this trend line you see here if
it can get back above it then it could
rally into the low 70k if it gets
rejected again however it could fall to
55k which is the Ballinger bound moving
average on the weekly
if you throw in liquidations it could go
lower now whether BTC breaks to the
upside or the downside seems to depend
on the upcoming CPI print this Wednesday
if you're subscribed to our Weekly
Newsletter you'll already know what we
think will happen and how the crypto
Market will react so be sure to
subscribe using the link in the
description and if you want to maximize
your profits by trading what comes next
then take advantage of the 60% trading
fee discounts and up to $60,000 signup
bonuses we have for the biggest and best
exchanges over on the coin Bureau deals
page these deals are only available to
our viewers so take advantage of them
before they expire using of course the
link in the
description now similarly to BTC eth is
also sitting at a critical level the
difference is that this level is much
more dire the Ballinger band moving
average on the weekly as you can see
this key indicator has historically
shown you when eth was in a bare phase
or in a bull phase below is be above is
bull zooming into the daily chart
suggests that eth could break down to
2400 if it falls any further on the flip
side it could rally to 3700 on the back
of a bullish Catalyst this begs the
question of what the Catalyst could be
well believe it or not but the answer
seems to be the spot ethereum ETFs as we
also mentioned in our Weekly Newsletter
Black Rock and JP Morgan recently made
comments which can be summarized as it
doesn't matter if the SEC labels ether
security the ETFs can still be approved
for those unaware it was believed that
the security label would Scupper the
chance of such an approval this might
sound strange but if you watched our
video about whether eth is a security
you'll know that the SEC consists of
different divisions the division that's
been engaging in all these enforcement
actions is well the enforcement division
led by Gerber Greywell who is overly
political and has an agenda by contrast
the rest of the SEC seems to be fairly
reasonable when it comes to crypto this
includes the SEC Commissioners the head
honchos aside from Gary gendler and
Caroline khaw the rest are pro crypto or
at least neutral and in Caroline's case
it sounds like her term Runs Out in
early June whatever the case the point
is that the part of the SEC that
approves ETFs is not the same part
that's been cracking down on crypto this
means that the spot ethereum ETFs could
still be approved and it looks like
asset managers have already begun
adjusting their applications to prepare
for this possibility the most notable in
this regard are Arc invest and 21 shares
which removed the staking components
from the their spot ethereum ETF filings
if you've been keeping up with our
coverage of crypto regulations you'll
know this is significant because the SEC
doesn't like anything crypto related
that earns a yield the removal of the
staking component could therefore be
evidence that the SEC told Arc invest
and 21 shares that their applications
will be approved if they make this
change alternatively though it could
just be a hail Mar attempt to get the
applications past something highlighted
by Bloomberg's ETF analysts from our
perspective though Arc invest and 21
shares probably wouldn't have gone out
of their way to adjust their spot
ethereum ETF applications if they knew
they would be rejected anyways this
change also didn't happen in isolation
remember the comments from JP Morgan and
black rock now if the SEC does approve
the spot ethereum ETFs things could get
very very interesting that's because its
enforcement division would probably Sue
consensus Unis Swap and other entities
it's been targeting in ethereum's
ecosystem regardless of the approval
note that it could do this in the next
two weeks or
so the result could be a sort of pump
and dump with eth rallying like crazy on
the news that the ETFs have been
approved and then crashing because of
the sec's lawsuits even if the lawsuits
don't happen eth could still dip if the
inflows into the ETFs are low remember
what happened with the ethereum Futures
ETFs make no mistake though if the spot
ethereum ETFs do get approved it will
open the door to basically every other
crypto getting an ETF of its own in this
sense the ETF approval could be even
more bullish for the other large cap
altcoins that institutional investors
are interested Ed in notably of course
salana on a slightly different note it
seems that AI cryptos appear to be
waking up again this is not surprising
given that open AI recently announced
that it would be making an announcement
today depending on when you see this
video it's possible the announcement has
already happened it's expected at 10:00
a.m. Pacific Time by the way open AI CEO
Sam ultman said that the announcement
won't be related to GPT 5 or any search
engines which is a bit funny because
it's a convenient way of reminding
everyone that more open AI catalysts are
coming besides GPT 5 and search engines
open AI will also be releasing its video
AI product Sora notably all of these
Technologies are expected to be released
over the summer what this means is that
there will be no shortage of catalysts
that could take AI cryptos higher in the
coming months the caveat that is that
this assumes all these technologies will
work perfectly any issues and the fud
will hit hard absent any issues though
AI cryptos will in fact rally hard most
of their long-term prices appear to be
painting cup and handle patterns that
are foreshadowing a doubling or more
naturally the gains are likely to be led
by worldcoin given its connections to
open AI though wld may not be the
biggest gainer more about worldcoin in
the description I digress now before I
tell you which AI cryptos will see the
biggest gains I need to underscore
another series of AI specific factors to
watch out for and that's air related
company earnings as some of you may have
heard tsmc reported continuously strong
demand for AI chips in its most recent
earnings report this is a big deal
because it means that nvidia's upcoming
earnings are likely to reflect the same
strong demand whether these earnings are
big enough to make investors even more
bullish than they already are remains to
be seen and Nvidia charts suggests that
the earnings print could take it in
either direction as you can see Nvidia
appears to be painting a long-term bull
flag which if it plays out could take
its price to a staggering
$1,500 to put things into perspective
this would work out to a 10x return for
those who bought the market dip during
the October 2020 two lows cudos to those
who did now the caveat in this case is
that nvidia's bull flag could just as
easily be a double top pattern given its
current formation more importantly
recall that nvidia's earnings aren't the
only Factor affecting its price the
aforementioned CPI print this Wednesday
could push nvidia's price in either
direction assuming the CPI comes in
cooler than expected and that Nvidia
beats earnings expectations then the cup
and handle patterns for all of those AI
cryptos will probably play out regarding
which we'll see the biggest gains the
honest answer is that most of them look
like they'll see similar gains in
percentage terms even so the AI cryptos
with lower price tags smaller market
caps and the most availability on
exchanges will likely see slightly
bigger gains than their peers it
shouldn't take more than a few minutes
to do that research and we'll leave a
link to the only resource you need in
the description now speaking of rallies
it looks like Risk assets could see
another big rally of their own this is
because major macro indicators appear to
be rolling over for starters oil prices
appear to have broken down following a
rising wedge pattern on the weekly this
is bullish as it suggests inflation
pressures will ease it's also bullish
because it suggests we're unlikely to
see more geopolitical escalation in the
middle e East or elsewhere as most of
you will have noticed geopolitical
escalation was weighing on the markets
over the last few months particularly
those for risk assets it seems these
risks have dissipated or at least been
priced in next up we have interest rates
specifically the yield on 10-year US
Government debt AKA 10year bonds AKA
10-year treasuries but we'll just call
them bonds for the sake of Simplicity
the 10-year yield likewise appears to
have broken down following a rising
wedge pattern on the weekly this is more
bullish than you might think because the
10-year yield appears to be inversely
correlated to risk assets namely small
cap stocks and altcoins although the
correlation seems to have broken down in
recent weeks falling yields are bullish
across the board and should provide a
Tailwind for all assets the same is true
for the dxy which seems to be rolling
over on the daily chart but remains in
an admittedly strong uptrend FYI the dxy
is inversely correlated to almost every
other asset which makes sense when
markets crash people tend to flee into
US dollars when markets rally well it's
the opposite this is why the dxy
long-term price charts are so scary its
more recent weekly price action appears
to be painting a double bottom when you
zoom out that double bottom looks like
it could cause a completion of a massive
cup and handle that would cause the dxy
to explode higher what's fascinating
though is that this doesn't mean that
the US dollar is getting stronger per se
rather it means that the other
currencies in the dxy basket are getting
weaker namely the Euro the British pound
and the Japanese Yen there is a scenario
wherein all three of these currencies
would weaken and it's not a pretty one
the Silver Lining though is the it's in
the interests of the US to keep the
dollar under control that's because a
strong dollar is bad for the Global
Financial system which is in turn bad
for the US itself if we do see the dxy
explode higher due to say a hotter than
expected CPI print then the pain
wouldn't last too long eventually the
treasury and the Federal Reserve would
intervene to weaken the dollar and as
all of you will probably know that's
done by printing now this printing would
be beneficial for all assets especially
those that were designed to combat money
printing such as crypto it goes without
saying that gold would do well too note
that you can find out whether gold or
BTC is better by using the link in the
description and with all that said it's
about time we looked at last week's top
performing cryptos so Jessica take it
away thank you guy well last week's top
performing cryptos were were ton coin
rinder thorchain aash Network and Casper
starting with ton coin ton appears to
have pumped due to the upcoming release
of not coins not token which will launch
this Thursday we talked about that in
our Weekly Newsletter too again the link
is in the description Ton's chart is
somehow looking even more bullish than
it did last time as its recent price
action appears to have painted a bull
flag that could take its price as high
as
$9 just remember that the upcoming CPI
print could dampen the rally if it comes
in hotter than expected next up we have
Randa whose R anddr token appears to
have pumped after the project in its
ecosystem was featured at Apple's recent
event like ton R anddr appears to be
painting a massive bull flag and zooming
out reveals the cup and handle pattern
that most AI cryptos are showing pery
earlier comments if the bull flag plays
out R anddr could go as high as
$17 consistent with the cup and handle
Target these depend on those AI
catalysts regarding thorchain meanwhile
it's run coin appears to have pumped due
to a gas optimization to its cross chain
decks which has made certain BTC and E
swaps up to 6X and 2x cheaper
respectively
in contrast to ton and r& drr Run's chat
looks a little bit bizarre and dare I
say it even bearish specifically it
seems to be foreshadowing a head and
shoulders pattern in the short term
zooming out to the longer term Trend and
looking at through the lens of market
cap reveals an eye openening Trend or
rather an eye openening trend line it
suggests that Run's market cap could
rally to around $3 billion
which would translate to a 50% pump or
roughly $9 in Fiat terms as for aash
Network it's akt coin appears to have
pumped in response to a combination of
open ai's upcoming announcement and aash
Network's own upcoming event in Buenos
areus Argentina as you can see akt looks
extremely bullish on its longer term
price chart a massive cup and handle
pattern if it plays out akt could d or
more and I'll remind you that this all
depends on the upcoming AI Catalyst that
guy mentioned
earlier finally we have Casper whose
cashcoin appears to have pumped on the
speculation that the crypto will be
listing on binance soon oddly enough it
appears that Cass was already listed on
binance in the past it seems that it was
delisted along with other cryptos in
October 2023 for unspecified reasons
this would explain why cass's price
action looks a tad bearish like run Cass
appears to be in the process of painting
a head and shoulders pattern if it fails
to break above the 14 C range with
momentum then it may very well
experience a bearish
reversal and as always be sure to join
the coin Bureau Insider telegram Channel
if you want to find out which cryptos
are pumping and also where you can trade
them the link will be down in the
description and that's all for today's
coin Bureau weekly crypto review if you
enjoyed it then you know what to do hit
the like button subscribe button and
Bell icon too don't forget to check out
our deals page where we have massive
trading fee discounts and sign up
bonuses of up to $660,000 on some of the
best exchanges only for the viewers of
this channel also if you want to pick up
some snazzy crypto merch the coin bu
merch store has you covered you can find
the link to those resources and many
others in the description below thank
you so much for watching and we'll see
you all in next week's episode
[Music]
