after the death of crypto comes the
rebirth the enlightenment stage where
the masses start to believe again we saw
etherium break past significant
resistance levels on the eth BTC chart
also on the ethusd chart yesterday
Bitcoin however has seen a slight
rejection here again at 72,000 after the
abnormal day I've got strong altcoins
and also look at the traditional markets
as they continue their charge into new
alltime highs continuing the everything
bubble the last stage of the 18.6 years
cycle the winners curse phase where
everyone man dog woman becomes an expert
Trader in stock markets in crypto and of
course real estate you've joined us here
on your home of macro cycle analysis
thanks again for your support on the
Channel smash up the likes we're going
for 4,000 today appreciate all of your
feedback in the comment section there's
also a sale on TIA premium more on that
in just a moment let's kick it off with
the economic data from around the globe
we're looking at the the breadth signal
here this has cycled through yet again
another signal has shown up here the
signal has come out of many low points
in the market going back through to 2008
and you can see it caught the bottom of
the GFC it also caught the bottom in
2011 it caught the bottom of the
correction in 2015 so a very significant
correction there was another correction
in 2018 didn't catch that little low but
they did get on to the co bottom low as
well so that was back in 2020 and then
it was a little early in 2022 getting
the low for June so June 2022 and then
uh history shows we got that bottom of
that cycle in October 2022 but if you
were able to hold on through that period
well obviously the rest of History
pretty significant gains from that point
uh there was also another signal just
recently in late 2023 after the October
2023 low and of course it's been since
that point so if we have a look at just
these few data points going back to 2008
the returns over 2 weeks 1 month 3
months 6 months 12 months are basically
90% or greater now to correct myself the
possibility of returns are pretty great
the returns themselves are down in this
table here across the one year you're
looking at roughly around 15 to 50%
across each of these signals so not a
bad signal overall especially when
you're looking at the the breadth and
the skepticism of the market
essentially we've seen the stock markets
rally higher but investors are still
skeptical that this is going to continue
on you probably all know someone
yourself or maybe you're watching it and
you're skeptical yourself after seeing
the market climb through 2022
2023 now into 2024 thinking that we need
to get a correction because things are
overboard remember markets can go on a
lot longer these bull markets can go on
a lot longer than many think they should
let's have a look at what's happened
with the stock Market before we get into
cryptocurrencies and those major signals
of Parabola Parabola moves into
cryptocurrencies we're seeing another
new all-time high daily close for the
S&P 500 E mini Futures and just a couple
of ticks away from a new all-time high
price in the after hours movement of
today so yesterday new all-time high
daily close throughout history this
stuff once this gets going you typically
see it go on for longer than the masses
think and towards the end more of the
masses come on board and they believe
that they are the the Smart Ones for
picking the market towards the end this
typically happens every single cycle if
you go back and read history you see it
happen again and again and again towards
the peaks of the market no matter which
Market we are in stock markets or in
real estate Bitcoin cryptocurrencies it
happens towards the Peaks every single
time doesn't mean
over now from what I can see based on my
own analysis I don't think so still
think there is more time left in this
cycle S&P 500 new alltime high daily
close NASDAQ new alltime high daily uh
price so the new all-time high price
throughout history happened yesterday
and it's actually happened again in the
last couple of hours and yesterday had
the new all-time high daily
close the Dow Jones getting very close
to a new all-time high price again looks
like it's putting in a higher low um
slightly lagging on the tech stocks and
the top 500 in the S&P and the bottom
2,000 stocks in the US lagging again
they are the laggards for a reason
typically I personally wouldn't be
getting into the laggards I want to get
into the strong cryptocurrencies the
strong stocks the strong assets that are
showing signs of strength uh with higher
prices as opposed to lagging the overall
Market the UK also hanging around at new
all-time highs the uh the German market
near enough to new all-time highs again
and France more major economies around
the world uh this is above all all-time
highs the white line was where the
previous old all-time high was and China
still going on its four-month Rampage to
higher prices note how we don't hear
about China so much in the markets uh in
the news anymore as it's been up for
nearly four months straight so overall
things are still looking pretty Rosy out
there in terms of asset prices
increasing in the cycle continue
continuing on getting us into a winners
curse phase of the market Bitcoin day
before Monday uh it had a very strong
day 8% up 715,000 things were looking
pretty hot note the volume was slightly
lower and that yesterday so Tuesday's
bar we did go a little high here almost
touching 72,000 but again rejected at 72
like we were back in March and in April
when I say we I'm talking about us the
market participants in BTC
so this was something that I talked
about in yesterday's video where you get
abnormal bars towards um ends of moves
they could be short-term moves or longer
term moves and the market does not like
abnormal moves it typically wants to try
and refill that price action and then
start to mount another attack now in
this case we've got one day one day has
reversed and it started to fill in some
of that price action kind of like gaps
not exactly but kind of like how gaps
are treated in the market you'll see a a
gap in the in the price bars and then
the market likes to come back and fill
in that space there but in this case if
it doesn't fill in this this Gap here it
could could be showing further signs of
strength that it's just buying more time
until it's able to push higher yet again
potentially take out that new all-time
high so I'm not calling this a bearish
signal whatsoever it has been rejected
short term there were some shorts to be
taken but looking at the uh the overall
picture here it's still above 69,000
which was our white number or this white
level here well and surely above 67 for
now and still above the 50% level at 65
so now these resistance levels have
begun to flip into support again still
looking pretty all right for the overall
Market here for BTC you start to see a
breakdown of 65 that's when i' would be
questioning this move if it was in fact
a genuine move or if it was another fake
out over here so 65 to the downside
would be be the major level that I'd be
looking for but first the level would be
these tops here roughly around 67 to 672
would be the first warning signs for now
uh things seem pretty damn Rosy 60 into
our 69th day below the previous old
alltime high and that again confirms the
3-day down signal that we first alerted
viewers about back in March where you
get that signal and that typically
suggests that the market is going to
remain underneath that top for much
longer than the masses could hope for
and again that's what that signal told
us so that's a look at BTC now in terms
of the longer term I'm looking at a a
possible pattern here should we see a
breakout for BTC so in terms of a couple
of pattern here that we've seen before
for uh Bitcoin going into 2016
2017 into a new high or in the case of
Bitcoin now into a new alltime high just
looking at pattern one here see we had a
big move up a big pause correction
consolidation higher lows form I am on a
weekly chart here and then you get very
close to the new alltime high you can
see that right there where the arrow is
pointing small correction and then a few
more a bit more time before it can break
out into some significant moves you can
see the bars get greater than what they
were leading into that top so that's one
idea you get that correction and the
consolidation underneath the old
all-time high you can get it above the
top I'm saying all-time high or
significant top and in this case this
was a very significant top in June
2016 after a pretty long consolidation
big move to the upside and then
correction take it off log you can see
it there now uh that's one idea a corre
consolidation below the alltime high or
consolidation above the old alltime high
or significant high now pattern two
we're looking at where you had the
significant High here just short of the
alltime high at the end of the day it
doesn't matter alltime High new time um
significant High we're looking at around
how the market responds to highs so You'
got the high in correction it starts to
build up again pushes through the top so
if we got through 74,000 and started to
consolidate or so
um so Bitcoin breaks through that top at
74k gets rejected again this is on a
weekly chart and that's about three
weeks of Market around those tops right
with some corrections underneath that
top the main thing to look out for here
is that is your higher swing low using
the Gan swing indicator so that's your
higher swing low even though it came
back under those prices like we saw
right now in uh with BTC the old
all-time high was 65 uh sorry 69,000 so
around here it went above came back
under above under above under
Consolidated and looks like it wants to
attempt breaking out again again
breaking out of the previous old alltime
high in
2021 so you got that move there a little
bit of a consolidation and then the
parabolic move continues from that point
in 2017 we had a pretty decent run there
from April into December for the peak so
about an 8mon move after it finally got
going from January of 2017 so it ran up
into that top Consolidated and then got
going into that Peak so where does that
leave us for Bitcoin and
cryptocurrencies as we lead into this
parabolic stage some confirmation
signals here I'm still going back to
this Tipping Point if we're still on the
rise around the globe I think there is a
good possibility that cryptocurrencies
also get through these tipping points
let's look back at the previous cycle
that's the 50% level through the bare
Market range The Tipping Point came uh
after it broke out of the monthly swing
tops and then the 50% level of that
range so you can see there was about 190
200ish billion with a total
cryptocurrency market cap excluding
Bitcoin eth and stable coins so from
that Tipping Point we had a pretty solid
run up into the new all-time high then
we had another solid run to Blitz that
new all-time high very very significant
correction and then that final final leg
up into that that final top but you had
huge huge moves happen uh gains through
that period very significant correction
and that was kind of like the late
retail coming into the space making
whatever gains if they did and more than
likely giving it all back because they'
watched everything happen for the last
couple of years or heard about it not
getting into the market and they finally
get in in the last stages maybe in this
stage maybe in the final stage itself
and maybe even in the complacency
bounces that happened throughout 2022
and then held on for the ride all the
way down don't feel bad if you're in
that it happens to pretty much everyone
in their first cycle you basically come
in late you hold on too long and you
hope for the best and then when the
bottoms are in you're just too burnt out
to even remain in the market or remain
with it to see the bottoms through and
then watch the next leg run up so in
terms of where we where we are right now
we've had the four weeks down we're at
about six weeks from that low but from
the top we are at 10 weeks so from this
top to where we currently are we're at
10 weeks underneath that top so watching
out for some period in June or July to
give us a breakout here POS you know
we're a week out from June now so
possibly we get the breakout of the 50%
coming soon a breakout of these tops a
few weeks later and just according to
the previous fractal not that I'm wedded
to this whatsoever we have a look at
that roughly around sort of July or
August potentially see some sort of new
all-time high so sort of late summer uh
the Northern Hemisphere into a new
all-time high for cryptocurrencies of
course continue to follow the chart
don't take that as gospel that that's
the date that will happen I'm still just
watching this because it seems to be
working out relatively Well for now the
time frames seem to be working out
relatively Well for now and should we
get a break above that 50% the monthly
swing tops well then it's very similar
to what happened last time where you get
a break out of the monthly swing tops
and the Tipping Point that will then
send the market into overdrive and the
the parabolic Mania uh continues on from
that point the disclaimer to that though
is we need to see more Blood come into
the system when we get to those prices
the blood comes in when there's
something exciting that goes on and the
Tipping Point is the exciting Point um
you can see it there basically goes huge
huge moves on the chart and I want to
see more of that blood come in for now
it doesn't really feel like there's a
whole lot of new blood in the system it
feels like it's all the same blood from
here the same blood from there and the
blood just keeps cycling around and
around mve moving from one altcoin to
the next altcoin to the next altcoin and
uh you know same thing rinse and repeat
over and over again and on that note
we'll have a look at some altcoins but
before I get there just want to have a
quick shout out to our Tia premium
members as I said we got a sale coming
up very soon subscribe to the free
crypto and economic report link is in
the top of the video description we'll
let you know when that sale is ready to
go uh but several of these Traders even
new guys coming in new members here uh
crushing it and they're really enjoying
what they're learning in Tia premium uh
and they're understanding a lot of the
analogies that I'm using here on the
channel so if you find yourself maybe a
little bit lost you want to learn how to
implement this for yourself with your
own portfolio your long-term Investments
maybe your shorter term trading I highly
suggest taking a look at it having a
read of some of the reviews here from
other members so you can get a feel for
what it's about and uh you know what
they're learning and how they're
implementing it for themselves to make
the best of a pretty decent situation so
congratulations to you guys who are also
killing the game here getting your wins
getting your profits well done all right
let's move on have a look at eth and
some of the others ethereum has pumped
up of course 3800 points
$3,800 was hit and now very close to a
new all-time high yesterday I looked at
this as a very very abnormal bar and
said that well like it did with Bitcoin
you saw a correction however for eth
you've seen even higher volume today
smaller bar so less um uh possibly less
buying pressure than yesterday because
you'd have to get the selling come in to
make that volume very very high this is
one of the highest volumes if not the
highest volume in history you can see we
have to go uh no it's not the highest in
history but it is pretty much the
highest for this bull market barring the
low in in 2022 and the banking crisis so
extreme volume in the last couple of
days to get that without the price bar
looking similar to the day before means
you'd have to have some selling in that
bar nonetheless it's still above 3,400
points so the $3,400 so you know above
the 50% level it's broken through these
tops now we have to wait and see if we
get another daily close which would show
a fair bit of strength to this entire
move uh that has also helped out the eth
BT see pairing and that was the
disclaimer from yesterday's video if we
saw that break out of the 50% levels and
it did it on both and closed above both
which is a pretty good early sign then
we were going to see um you know
significant moves on eusd however the
Urgent warning from yesterday's video
was looking at the altcoins within the
eth ecosystem uh and to pick one that I
had looked at that didn't make it you
can see something like optimism it's
basically been rejected at the 50% level
and closed lower so it initially had
that that hype and then has been
rejected from that point you can see it
on the optimism BTC chart you can see it
on the optimism USD chart it still has
not taken out those previous tops and
the moment has closed underneath that
50% level um again so you can see the
Urgent Message when it comes to Market
spikes and Market movements like we saw
with ethereum yesterday the news were
centered around ethereum some of those
ecosystem projects did not get the same
follow through madic was a classic
example just didn't do anything
continued down from that point which is
also part of the E ecosystem so the news
itself is looking good for ethereum it's
done the first thing got above
053 but that is going to be the key
level right there above the market at
06 you can see that was where it broke
down from it tested it again and again
and then failed so 06 it's really going
to be that confirmation level for eth
BTC to get back into that strong point
then we can assess other targets to the
upside but for now it could just be
another pump and fade from that point
now on to salana BTC and it looks like
we've seen a fake out bar from Monday so
after the E ETF hype you got the lower
close here and then the following day
reversed so it's still trying to decide
whether now is the time that it wants to
push higher or if there's still more
consolidation required before the move
can commence did get to the um
confirmation level and basically closed
under it you can see just how much it
has played with that level over the last
several days um the key here is to get
multiple closes Above This 50% so
0.26 and that would then at least from
my own analysis would confirm um a
stronger move here to the upside but
nonetheless higher lows all the way
maybe it just needs a bit more time to
consolidate you guys also asked a lot
about render here is render looks like
it was basing on 50% yesterday nice good
move up and uh good strong close above
that 50% multiple days required what I'd
look for next is the 50% of this small
correction move and that takes us to uh
01661 so somewhere around uh the level
above that call it 1,700 here I think
it's about 17,000 Satoshi so that's what
I'm looking for for the the the strength
on render to continue from this point
overall it's looking pretty good had the
correction back down to the 50% found
some support for now and also above the
um the resistance levels here that
basically where it broke out of and has
come back to test that zone so continue
to look at that volume's starting to
drop off a little bit that's a little
concerning but provided it stays up here
looking not too bad for render Pepe it
has repeated a 100% move from this low
here and I'm using that low because on
the weekly chart it's a significant low
and that's what you want to look for
that's the low before the big breakout
of February so huge pump correction and
then again it went on another pump so
this entire move has now been repeated
from that low so 100% should this
continue looking towards somewhere
around that one uh 1.5 so 150% of that
move takes us out to about 1890 that's a
a huge number there a huge gain for Pepe
from these particular lows so keep an
eye on that and I'm also keeping an eye
on well the invalidation because at the
end of the day no one knows what happens
on this black side um anything down to
roughly about 900 I think is relatively
safe for now for any sort of Correction
here and to consolidate for the next
move up because well I mean that has
just gone on and on and eventually it
needs to rest but for now it's one of
the stronger ones mem coin seem to be
continuing their strength across the
market links in the top of the video
description for Tia premium sale is
coming up don't miss out on that join us
Smash Up the likes 4,000 and I hope you
guys can also be making your own massive
gains here for altcoins now and into the
future as well I'll see you guys back
here at the next video more on bitcoin
cryptocurrencies an update on that uh
Tipping Point here where we start to get
into the parabolic stage of the market
make sure you're on board with the
stronger cryptocurrencies when this
occurs you don't want to be holding the
bags of the laggards when this Market
really does take off you might only be
enjoying a one day pump
[Music]
here drunk Flor till next time take care
and peace out
