well good morning good afternoon and of
course good evening Traders from across
the globe welcome to my
2,753
edition of shortterm trading live with
Oscar thank you thank you so much for
tuning in trade is this video coming at
you on a Sunday afternoon for trading
Sunday night through Monday that's May
20th
2024 please remember risky trading can
be risky risky risky don't trade any
vehicle without putting your stops in
first you can get dist destroyed
financially trading these financial
markets these Wall Street Markets
believe me they're risky put your stops
in before getting into a position so
what are we looking at NASDAQ daily bar
we talked about when we see a double
top we sell a double top and boy we had
a pullback day right there just like it
was supposed to have all right so you
had your pullback day now we are day
Traders and I do not look for more than
one days action before I then move on to
something else this happened as far as
I'm concerned it's done we had our
pullback now omnix made about 100 points
in NASDAQ being short on Friday got
short maret dropped the Omni got us out
and we Sid stepped and no matter where
it went by the end of the day it didn't
matter and now now we're looking at
Sunday night for Monday so let me show
you what else I'm looking at this is you
know so okay we had our pullback maybe
you'll get more pullback but we had a
one-day pullback and we are day Traders
that's what we were looking for but I
have to say if you look at the rest of
these markets I don't know that they
look like they're going to stop any
further than that one day pullback now
Omni signal Omni signals across the
board for Nasdaq Russell e Min S&P you
name it the Dow the transportation all
that stuff completely mixed some of
bullish some of bearish some of neutral
really no signal from there but if you
look at these charts like this daily
chart from the ym the mini Dow and if
you look at the es they look like they
want to blast right through now the mini
Dow's never even got to its double top
yet right so we're free to play this one
it's got some room to move all the way
up to here before even seeing a double
top so even though we've got mixed
signals an osaris a trade that I that I
come up with using mostly Omni but an
osaris trade is telling me that we
should probably buy dips in the ym for
trading on Monday so maybe we will maybe
we'll sit tight and do nothing a quick
conversation about such Traders we've
got omnis mixed maybe just maybe we
won't trade on Sunday in through Monday
and maybe Monday there'll be no fill now
I've had a couple of omni
last at the end of the or the beginning
of this month I should say leave my
service because they weren't getting
enough fills the Omni if you followed
all the trades made about
$27,000 in April about
27,000 if you traded one lot only
following the Omni and guess what some
days the Omni trades other days it
doesn't because we believe that getting
filled less often with quality fills
makes way more sense than scratching a
gambling bone because we're not trading
enough so for you omniac that left the
service CU we're not trading enough you
my friends are not Traders you are
addicted gamblers to a trading Market
you think you're trading but if making
26 to
$27,000 following trades from Omni
wasn't enough for you last month I
understand nothing will ever be enough
for you so it's the the IDE is this we
wait for the market to come to us to
fill us if the um if the market does not
drop down to a specific spot and fill us
wherever that spot might be we don't
trade for the day and some people start
getting their gambling bone itchy and
the the vein starts popping where's the
needle I don't gamble I would never
consider gambling I live in Vegas for 16
years I don't gamble I come up with
really good Omni spots to get along the
markets if we're not trading enough for
you that means you could care less about
money you just care about the addiction
of trading my friends I can't help you
there you're better off not joining my
service I only take fills when I can get
them next is this my chat room's been
fix hooray hooray hooray we fixed the
chat room finally our programmer was
able to come up with exactly what we
needed hey by the way that's my quote
board right there this is how I spend my
life following this this I do not watch
charts during the day ever never we do
not watch charts we watch this quote
board so the mini Dow as we were my chat
room as I was just trying to show you it
has been fixed our programmer in France
was finally able to fix this for us now
when you log in we're all there you can
find me on camera except for I'm using
the camera right now to film this for
you otherwise I'd be sitting here on
camera in my trading room this all
happens at live with Oscar
just come here the trading room is free
there aren't even credit cards required
all you have to do if you're not a
member is hit register fill out a little
bit of stuff you username password you
will receive an email that email will go
to spam I cannot help it it's going to
go to spam unless you've written to me
once before if my site's never spoke in
the ud the odds is that your email will
send it to spam look in spam for the
email send back to code and come join me
in my live trading room I'm there every
day and night all right so back to the
mini da and osaris if you will is to get
long maybe S&P maybe mini da even though
we already we saw that double top we've
had our reaction I'm looking now for
pass the double top let's see what we're
going to get because we've got mixed
onni signals that will be an osaris next
and final I have got a live webinar
check this out first we're going to go
here and I'm going to show you one of my
favorite markets right now
Bitcoin look at this go ever since it
held that do or die area and I told you
as long as it stays Above This average
we're buyers of dips the Omni is green
the market looks good we are a buyer of
dips in Bitcoin hooray hooray and you
know if bitcoin's going up all the other
alt coins are just about all the other
alt coins will follow Traders a live
webinar this is the last I wanted to
mention a live webinar coming your way
on Tuesday today's Monday the live
webinar will be Tuesday click the link
below this video let me sign up for the
free webinar and then leave a comment in
fact let me write this for you do me a
favor leave a comment let me know what
you'd like me to look
at let me know what Market you would
like for me to look at and maybe I'll
fit you into Tuesday's webinar if I like
the market that you're asking me to look
at it looks like it's something that the
other Traders could benefit from I will
show that chart into Tuesday's live
webinar so do me a favor leave a comment
below right now tell me what you'd like
for me to add into the webinar something
that you're trading I will ask you this
don't bring a stock to me that's a penny
stock that doesn't move that moved $1 in
a year you know that's not going to
entertain or help any of the omnix next
week what I would like for you to do is
leave a comment about a stock that's
moving that you have been involved in or
any Market at all it doesn't have to be
a stock and I will take a look at that
and see if I can fit it into Tuesday's
live webinar drers thank you so much for
tuning in Bitcoin looks great I think
the mini Dow looks good too so does the
E mini S&P will take this one day at a
time Omni is a buyer of dips in Bitcoin
but is offering mixed signals in US
indices likeing S&P NASDAQ and Russ get
together with me at my website oscar.com
I'll see you there and finally remember
besides joining my webinar for Tuesday
by clicking the link below and leaving a
comment about the market you'd like for
me to analyze for you keep your emotions
out of trading how do we do that say
this to ourselves every single moment we
get a chance when we're in a trade and
by now you should know what that is
stop
[Music]
so
emotion
Z oh by the way traders that 72 Target
is in fact intact for Bitcoin for
probably this week 72,000 let's see if
we get there thanks for tuning in will
see you all at livewith oscar.com
