how's it going everyone it's Sam Bitcoin
is doing it it is moving up so many
people thought Bitcoin was boring right
uh I made a video talking about how the
bottom was in around 60 I said that uh
and people said how dare you say that
before the weekend we always see dumps
on the weekend and see we moved down a
little bit and then moved right back up
we're at
68700 at the time of this recording I
want to talk about what's happening
right who's bu who the heck is doing all
of this how could we go from 57,000 to
68,000 in a few weeks who could have
seen that coming I'm I'm joking a little
bit here because I think it's obvious to
a lot of people that this is what's
going to happen during the bull run
right we're going to have big moves
there going to be days where we move up
$6,000 $10,000 probably more than that a
couple days but it is still nice to see
we are right at the top of that
$68,000 range
maybe we make another big move up I
think a lot of people will be watching
this
$71,000 range a lot of Bitcoin changed
hands right around here and obviously
we're going to be looking for 70,000
before this and then 714 and then you
know all-time high 74,000 will be a very
key to level but let's talk about what's
happening today if you don't mind hit
subscribe turn on the Bell notification
underneath the videos so you can see
future videos just like this if you do
want to go buy crypto if you want to
trade crypto currency using leverage
there is a link to Marx underneath the
video you can trade all different forms
of crypto and use all different kinds of
collateral so you can trade Bitcoin with
usdc you can trade Bitcoin with Bitcoin
you can trade Bitcoin with ethereum you
can trade Bitcoin with xrp whatever you
want to do so you can trade the easier
chart to understand especially when
Bitcoin dominance is going up but maybe
you want to uh allocate to some other
altcoins or maybe you have a bunch of
xrp and you don't really care if you
have it or not so you can go trade xrp
as collateral you know there are all
different forms of uh trades that you
can do on Marx it's also going to be a
link to blof Fin and to coin W as well
underneath the video These are three of
my favorite exchanges these are my top
three favorite uh in terms of in terms
of Futures exchanges or um leverage
exchanges now what do I always say you
can trade crypto short using leverage
it's not something that I'd suggest as
you can see here we do have slightly
more more shorts than Longs being
liquidated today but the price of
Bitcoin is going up pretty drastically
which tells me this is probably a spot
Le rally like there's someone that's
buying a lot of Bitcoin out there uh
because you know we are going from
66,000 on the day up to about 69,000 so
a $3,000 move what we've seen recently
let me pull up coin market cap what
we've seen recently is about a 100x
multiple so if we buy for example if
someone buys $1,000 worth of bitcoin it
pushes up the market cap somewhere
around
$110,000 now today it's up 3% so let me
do the math on that we have about $40
billion being added to the market cap
which means someone most likely bought
about $400 Million worth of bitcoin now
of course it depends on who's selling to
but I think someone's buying a couple
hundred million dollars worth of bitcoin
okay I want to talk about Bitcoin but
first let's talk about ethereum look at
this daily candle from
3,37 up to 3,400 now coming down a
little bit but I actually have a bit uh
an ethereum long here you can see on the
bottom uh placed it a while ago and it's
finally paying off now why is this and
let's actually look at how insane this
is let's go to the one minute here it
just came out that there may be a chance
that they approved for their ETF and you
can see it just jumping almost 10% in 10
minutes okay so look let's look at this
Bloomberg ETF analysts have upgraded
their odds of the spot eth ETFs being
approved this week from 25% to
75% okay let's look at this a little bit
more Bloomberg
ETF and let's just go down
here update J safe FF let's see uh James
saart and I are increasing our odds of a
spot ether ETF approval up to to 75 up
from 25% hearing chatter this afternoon
that SEC could be doing a 180 on this
increasing increasingly political issue
so now everyone's scrambling like us
everyone else assumed they'd be denied
see Nate's tweet below for probability
probability order of events but again we
are capping at 75% until we see more EG
filing updates okay so SEC deadline this
week on spot ETFs uh spot eth ETFs SEC
must approve both the 19 b4s exchange
rule changes and s1's registration
statements for ETFs to launch
technically possible for sec to approve
this and then slow play the s1s
especially given reported lack of
Engagement
here okay so this is interesting we did
not see this com just about everyone
said and I was listening to someone this
morning um
say this is a big big influencer over on
YouTube saying that they thought it was
less than a 5% chance it gets approved
this year they thought it was pretty
much zero
so uh I'm not sure exactly what's
happening right this is kind of crazy a
little bit unprecedented
but I think politicians are in a tough
spot right now and SEC may be a little
bit too I think SEC kind of does their
own thing but politicians are probably
pushing for this like they're pressuring
the SEC
because there's really no reason to be
anti- crypto right now if you're a
politician like it just doesn't make
sense you're not going to get any extra
points from people that love the US
dollar by saying that you dislike crypto
like that's just not going to happen and
the problem is uh if you say that you
don't like crypto there are 80 million
people in the US that hold crypto or buy
crypto or interest in crypto so you lose
a ton of votes you get a lot of people
pushing back and a lot of wealthy
individuals are buying crypto right now
like it's just dumb it would be like it'
be like trying to ban big Tech like of
course sometimes there's some fines and
some privacy issues and stuff but I
think objectively Bitcoin and ethereum
are much less invasive than something
like
Facebook or Google right they there's
not some company trying to steal your
data behind it so they're just much more
fair like there's nothing evil about it
and they're not going to take advantage
of the people that use it right it's
fair it's fair money and you're just
going to lose a lot of votes so I'm
guessing they're putting some pressure
on ethereum uh or on the SEC to approve
this ETF and there are going to be a lot
of people too they want access to
ethereum and if they can get this and
then start staking like these ETFs are
going to be kind of nuts like the the
eth ETF could pay you dividends right
they could literally pay dividends or
earn more eth per share if they go and
stake some like there are different
things that people want to see from
these ETFs and it and a lot of people
want to get allocation in this now I'm
guessing less people will buy the E ETFs
than the Bitcoin ETFs but still it's
going to be interesting to watch also I
had to film this part after the rest of
the video
because of this just coming out like I
was editing the video but take a look at
this Bitcoin at 70,000 we're going to
talk about why this is here in just a
second but this is this is very nice
Bitcoin we do see a lot of Bitcoin
coming off of exchanges yesterday as
well uh just about 630 million so 10,000
Bitcoin pulled off of exchanges
yesterday I've not seen demand this
consistent since the end of 2020 yeah so
obviously a lot of people trying to
store their Bitcoin coin somewhere a
little bit safer than binance coinbase
that kind of thing if you do have
long-term holds you do want to move
those off to cold storage and that's
what a lot of people are doing we can
see that as well here with exchange
reserves falling to all-time lows of 1.7
million for
Bitcoin okay so Bitcoin is becoming more
scarce I feel like that is what I say
over and over but we went from 2 million
Bitcoin about a year ago to now 1.7
million Bitcoin on Exchange so 300K has
come off of exchanges within the LA or
off the exchange reserves in the last
year okay that's going to obviously push
up the price of Bitcoin uh and it's just
it's harder to get a hold of these days
especially with so many companies buying
Dylan lir says that they uh metap Planet
the company that he's now working with
or working for kind of working for but
he does his own thing they're
implementing a 10 to1 share
consolidation but let's move down to the
important part they plan on increas
ining their authorized shares by 300% to
65 million and this allows them to raise
future Capital uh and they're going to
use this to go buy Bitcoin if you
remember they bought about $6 Million
worth of bitcoin recently if we look at
the company
stock they I'm not sure if this is in
this currency in the gpy 5 billion but
they moved up a lot like when they
announced that they're going to go to a
Bitcoin strategy they spiked up and then
they fell like the next couple days cuz
people said there's no way that they can
buy as much Bitcoin as they said that
they're going to buy and then they
announced Dylan was going to come on and
their share price has gone up it's gone
up about 30 40% so yeah they're doing
pretty well I'm not surprised that they
want to go dilute a little bit they want
to sell some shares and buy some Bitcoin
and then when bitcoin's price goes up
well they can issue more shares and they
can get more debt and then they can buy
more Bitcoin it's the it's the micro
strategy strategy if you look here micro
strategy's done extremely well pulling
this off they're up 500% in the past
year when bitcoin's up maybe
300% we also know that just a lot of a
lot of hedge funds are buying a lot of
nation states a lot of Nations a lot of
States a lot of companies are buying and
keep in mind we are going to see the
Bitcoin flows in a few hours but who's
actually buying these ETFs well
it's a variety of different entities but
you can see a lot of hedge funds are
buying like 27,000 Bitcoin from
Millennial management Millennium
management like that that makes a huge
difference that's going to push up the
price of Bitcoin 73 the $34 billion
hedge fund of Steven Cohen owner of the
New York Mets disclosed $ 77.5 million
in Holdings in Fidelity in the end of
q1 okay so we have a who's who of people
buying Bitcoin I think this is only
going to get crazier in the future we
have hedge funds and we have Pension
funds now I'm sure they're jumping over
each other to get an allocation and I
keep on talking about this because this
is the massive driver of the price of
Bitcoin do bull run like I don't I don't
know who needs to hear it but this is
why we're moving up it's because there
are a lot of entities that now have
access to bitcoin and basically what
just happens is everyone scrambles to
buy Bitcoin once they figure out other
people buy Bitcoin right like if you are
Millennium man Millennium management
right and you put
27,000 Bitcoin in your fund or you buy
27,000 worth of bitcoin through one of
these
ETFs and then it goes and performs
really well okay you're going to
outperform most other entities I I don't
know what portion of their ETF is the
Bitcoin uh the Bitcoin ETFs or what part
of their AUM is the Bitcoin ETF but we
have some entities putting 20% into the
Bitcoin ETFs and if you look from the
few days after the Bitcoin ETFs were
approved when we were around 38,000 to
now they're up significantly what is 68
divided by
38 these some of these entities are up
78% 79% on some of their Bitcoin Buys so
yeah yeah when you perform that well
your assets are or your uh your funds
are going to perform really well more
people will see you and want to put
money into your fund they're going to
say oh wow they're buying Bitcoin maybe
I should buy some of their fund I don't
really want to deal with Bitcoin so I'll
just you know I'll put some my money
there and then they can also sell it for
me too if they think it gets toppy or
something and then they perform well
they get more AUM these other entities
have to figure out okay how do we how do
we get that kind of return maybe we
should buy some Bitcoin that's why
they're outperforming okay let's go buy
some Bitcoin they buy the Bitcoin ETFs
these people are not all done buying
buing Bitcoin either they're thinking
wow it performed really well we still
think it's going to do better we're
going to go into looser monetary policy
we need to buy some more Bitcoin uh and
then they go buy more Bitcoin ETFs and
of course they'll sell at some point
especially the hedge funds they're going
to be a little bit shorter time frames
uh they might be taking profits at the
end of quarters but we have Pension
funds doing the same thing how do you
think Wisconsin is or how do you think
uh Michigan or Illinois or Wyoming uh
Minnesota how do you think those Pension
funds are feeling after they see
Wisconsin their Wisconsin pension go buy
some Bitcoin and get 80% Returns on it
60% 50% Returns on it these Pension
funds need Alpha they need good gains to
make up for some of the holes in their
balance sheet uh or some of the holes in
their obligations so what do they do
they should go buy some Bitcoin they buy
Bitcoin they perform better they can
actually plug the holes of maybe some of
the uh things that they have to pay out
in the future maybe they can finally get
back to where they need to be so when
one when one entity buys Bitcoin and it
goes well it makes other entities want
to buy it as well why do you think metap
planet is coming up with this strategy
it's because it worked really well for
micro
strategy so this is bound to happen
especially during a bull run like I
think there's going to be a time just
like in the previous bull runs where
everyone is bullish like everyone seems
to be buying Bitcoin instead of 52% of
the top 25 hedge funds it's 80% it's 90%
this is being added Bitcoin ETFs are
being added to retirement funds and uh
Target date funds that is when I think
we get extremely bullish and that's
where you do have to be a little bit
careful right we're we're pushing up
today we're actually at
692 right I've been talking about going
long on bitcoin uh since we're down in
this
range I I know that we are moving up a
lot right now now but this is nothing
compared to where we will be when those
things happen that I was just talking
about when this is being added to
retirement funds Target date funds all
that so just be ready that's when you
want to take a step back take a breather
see is this life-changing money do I
want to take a little bit off the table
so keep that in mind now another
interesting day Bitcoin over 69,000 only
415 Bitcoin 450 Bitcoin are mined daily
last week we had over a th000 Bitcoin
bought every day net even with the sales
from gbtc on the 13th and 14th some of
them like pretty large sales uh even
with that we still had
1,600 4100 4200
3,300 I think the ETFs are buying a lot
today and I I think a lot of the time
too these entities take a while to like
read information and start to buy assets
so they probably saw all those 13f
filings on Wednesday and it took them a
couple days to meet with other people in
the companies I'm just talking about
hedge funds here or even Pension funds
you know they see all this happening or
maybe they hear about it the next day
they make a Friday meeting they're like
okay we'll start implementing this next
week right and they go out and buy a
bunch of Bitcoin I think that's
definitely possible I think there's a
lot to be said too for the I don't know
the people that go out on the weekend to
go golfing to go play tennis to play
pickle ball whatever they're doing and
they're playing with their buddies and
they're like hey did you did you see
almost everyone bought Bitcoin like half
the hedge funds bought Bitcoin last week
maybe this is something we need to do or
maybe maybe this is something you need
to do we've been doing it but you need
to do it because bitcoin's still going
to go up you don't want to miss this so
that kind of stuff is what happens over
the weekends in my mind there's like a
lot of pent up uh aggression end up
buying or selling for Mondays but I
think we're going to see a pretty good
day from these Bitcoin ETFs and I could
be totally wrong and I could have to uh
recant that in my next video but I'm
guessing that's what's happening here
also check this out kind of interesting
we are almost at this kind of if you
want to get crazy with the lines support
uh or resistance where we hit support
here flipped it into resistance maybe we
break out Above This that would be quite
impressive and if we break above you
know if we start breaking that $70,000
range they're going to be a lot of
shorts liquidated like that's how we get
the explosive moves let's look yeah 30
million worth of shorts liquidated since
the beginning of this video that's how
we go from 687 to
693 right again if you do want to play
some Longs I think this is one of the
best things that you can do in a Bull
Run if you are careful if you're not
stupid about it if you're not being too
greedy this is something that you can do
that can really outperform and I've
helped some people with this uh someone
in my family asked me if I could
recently do this for them and I told
them all the risks right you can lose
out all of your Capital they said yeah
that's okay let's go for it so uh we did
that right around here right around 62
61,000 and since then straight up salon
and Bitcoin so make sure that you
understand what you're doing but if you
do want to sign up blof fin Marx coin W
there are links to all those underneath
the video and there are no no kyc
requirements for those uh you don't need
to put in your personal information so
you can get set up in just a few seconds
of course do your due diligence now if
you're thinking these pumps are
absolutely juicy beautiful and for some
reason they're making you hungry they're
making you hungry for more maybe you're
hungry just in general there is a link
to Beck andulo underneath the video
they're a Bitcoin butcher so they
actually accept payment on bitcoin they
put part of their treasury in Bitcoin if
you want to go buy some of their meats
you don't have to buy them in Bitcoin
I'm not buying it in Bitcoin I'm buying
it in US Dollars the the gross US
dollars I need to get rid of you can buy
some of their meat underneath the video
they are awesome like I brought some of
their bison sausages to a family event
recently and every single person that
tried them said that they were better
than every other BR that we had had
there every other sausage we had there
we had like three or four different
kinds and they're from local places that
we usually love but they were nothing
compared to the Bison so if you want to
check that out there's a link underneath
the video 15% off when you use the link
and when you use the code Finance 15
thank you so much I appreciate it I will
see you in the next video
