so things can happen very quickly and we
can go triple
quadruple 5x in a period of um no in a
period of three months and if you miss
those three
months you're you're going to miss
everything so the big problem with
trading Bitcoin is you know you can
trade it just like anything else and you
know you think you're making money
you're losing money but the big problem
with Bitcoin is if you're not in the
market for those 3 months it's very
unlikely that you're going to be able to
get in the Market at and be there with
any kind of size when this thing
actually goes up so that's why I think
people hoddle uh that's why I really
don't recommend trading that's why also
really really as much as you might be
tempted to do the do not sell Bitcoin
short because otherwise you're just
going to get taken
out but really the main thing is you're
not going to catch those
moves unless you're in the market and I
I do think that we are going to see
another one of those moves in the next
year uh let's say the next 12 months
when it comes to bitcoin things can
happen extremely quickly in a very short
matter of time in each of the last three
Bitcoin bull cycles we have seen Bitcoin
explode higher pulling around a 3 to 5x
in just a matter of a few months this
Bitcoin cycle is no different that is
the latest prediction out from renown
investor and mathematician Fred Krueger
for those who don't know who Krueger is
he's an extremely successful investor
who has a PHD in mathematics from
Stanford however after Decades of
experience on Wall Street he's gone all
in on one thing Bitcoin in his latest
video update Krueger breaks down three
charts that show that Bitcoin is playing
out spookily accurate to its last three
bull cycles a consolidation after the
Bitcoin harving followed by a huge move
upwards increasing in price between 2X
and 5x in just a matter of 3 months it's
this move Fred believes we will see play
out again over the next year make sure
to stick around to the end of the video
where Krueger gives his 18-month outlook
for Bitcoin also guys only a small
percentage of my viewers are actually
subscribed if you enjoy Finance content
consider subscribing or liking the video
it's free and you can always change your
mind now here's Fred Krueger on what
we're about to see play out for Bitcoin
let's look at uh first of
all let's look at this 2013 market now
as you can see see here right you know
Bitcoin if you look at the entire four
years of of Bitcoin from 2009 to January
of
2014
actually 70% of the move of that was
done in two months right you could have
done nothing but just bought Bitcoin in
November in uh September of
2013 and you would have captured 80% of
the move right 70 70 to 80% of the move
depending on if you held it three or
four months
um in in the end of 2013 so
really you know we have this extreme
tail here this is you know and and by
the way if you sort of if you looked
here and you sort of said oh how's
what's the chart look like well the
chart looked bad right the chart looked
like we were rolling over was going down
and so there was really almost you know
oh maybe we're going to come back or
maybe this is going to be a double top
no matter what you do you're not going
to see this ginormous pattern here this
this thing so that's the first the first
real kind of move up that we've seen now
you know if this was just a oneoff I
would say you know go ahead and and
trade it but look look what happened in
2017 um well let's look at 2017 let's go
to here and let's look at that market
there again what do we see we see that
the uh we see that the market did a
little whole lot of nothing you know it
never really crossed 6,000 until October
right that's something we just don't
remember because we always remember that
it went to 20,7 but but bear in mind
that it really almost it only crossed
6,000 in
October and it really uh in November
really is it only cross 6,000 but if you
almost all the game
and this continued to go up really
briefly right it touched 20,000 in
December um you know if you had not been
in Bitcoin in October if you got out in
October you would have missed
again you would have missed 3/4 of the
of the move right so everything really
really happened over a 3mon period now
again you say okay that's two times
right but surely it didn't happen again
the same way yes but it did uh so let's
take a look at that
um let's take a look at the the
third movement uh 2020 2021 bull market
and again you know here we go doing a
lot of nothing and this time it's a it's
again
from let's say from November on right
November at
20,000 4 months later we're at 6 ,000
right so things can happen very quickly
and we can go triple
quadruple 5x in a period of um no in a
period of 3 months and if you miss those
three months you're you're going to miss
everything so the big problem with
trading Bitcoin is you know you can
trade it just like anything else and you
know you think you're making money
you're losing money but the big problem
with Bitcoin is if you're not in the
market for those 3 months it's very
unlikely that you're going to be able to
get in the Market at and be there with
any kind of size when this thing
actually goes up so that's why I think
people huddle uh that's why I really
don't recommend trading that's why I
also really really as much as you might
be tempted to do the do not sell Bitcoin
short because otherwise you're just
going to get taken out um but really the
main thing is is you you're not going to
catch those
moves unless you're in the market and I
I do think that we are going to see
another one of those moves in the next
year let's say in the next 12 months so
you know I I don't know when I don't
know when it's going to be it could be
in a week it could be in three weeks it
could be in by the end of the year it
could be next year I don't know but uh
we have to stay in the market to capture
this move I just want to give you my
Outlook now in the next 18 months
because I think I think we're in a
really good position you know there
could be some major drawbacks like we've
had but I do think that we have a lot of
things look that are very very going to
be I think going to make an epic 18
months here in Bitcoin I think we're in
a bull market we've had uh we've gone
from the low of 15,000 16,000 let's call
it to uh you know close to 70,000 right
now
63,000 I think we have you know we could
easily go up another four to 5x from
here that would put us at
250,000 and and it could be as much as
500,000 and I think if I had to pick a
spot what this happens I think we're
going to probably get the most of it by
the end of 2025 right so yeah yeah maybe
it keeps on going in 20 till 202 six the
next 18 months I think are going to be
you
know could be really amazing uh could be
absolutely
spectacular uh somewhere between you
know Forex and you know 8ex the return
from where we are today so um that's
just the bull market thing now what else
do I think is is gives me a lot of
bullishness well obviously the ETFs
right so I think in addition to the fact
that we're on sort of this bull market
we have the ETFs that are um they're
really just starting to kick in and uh
you know we saw yesterday we had gbtc
with first positive inflow day
ever you know and i' I've sort of said I
think the ETFs once we get back and
we're say back to 70,000 I think those
flows are going to come right back uh
because I think these people they don't
they may not participate when the market
looks shaky but when the market looks
good they're going to come back and
that's just like a turbo booster on top
of the bullish sentiment that's just
coming from the non- ETF part of the
market that's the second
part the third part I would say is you
know just from a pure fiscal
irresponsibility I think uh we have
never uh looked more irresponsible than
we are today um you know James
lavish documented this really well um
you know Larry leapard has documented
this Lynn Alden has talked about it but
you know look we we're definitely in
kind of this I would say sort of the end
game of Fiat here uh you know we're just
printing like crazy we got PE just
absolute insane people like Stephanie
Kelton who really think that we can just
go print like whatever we want we can
just buy uh and that won't have any
impact on inflation or anything she uses
the example of World War II to show how
great things are when you know when we
just go
spend like drunken Sailors on something
like you know the war effort um and you
know her new war effort is you know the
green New Deal and climate change so I
just think that this kind of thinking is
so wrong uh it is so destructive to
Capital um so I think the fact that
people just don't seem to even care at
all about deficits is is a reason why
Bitcoin is going to do really really
well over the next two years um and then
last of all I think we have an election
and I think uh at the end of the day
this election you know whoever emerges
from this election is the Victor is
going to go spend like crazy if it's
Trump they're going to cut into rates
like
crazy but regardless I think people are
going to want to own Bitcoin so I think
we have a really great setup for the
next 18 months uh very
bullish you got to be there in order to
to participate though if you get off you
get off this train even once if you get
if you get uh you get spooked out of
your position you will not you will not
participate so you know I I just would
recommend just being fully invested in
just you know having Diamond hands so
there's Fred Krueger on why he's
extremely bullish on bitcoin and this
isn't just coming from anyone Fred has a
PHD in mathematics and has Decades of
experience on Wall Street when it comes
to financial modeling and predictions
he's the guy looking back at the last
three crypto bull cycles the pattern is
clear every single time following a
Haring we have a period of chop and
consolidation like what we are seeing
play out right now then we have an
exponential move upwards which can
happen in a very short period of time
usually only 3 months the moral of the
story don't try and trade Bitcoin if you
miss the accelerated window where
Bitcoin rips upwards you can miss out on
the majority of the gains of the bull
cycle the best strategy is the tried and
true method of buying and holding it's
why the best of the best do it like
Michael sailor finally guys before we go
a quick reminder for those who are keen
on staying updated in the fast-paced
world of crypto and Bitcoin consider
subscribing to our daily five in a
crypto newsletter it's a concise
resource for the latest expert
predictions breaking news and topon
chain analysis trusted by over 60,000
subscribers for insightful crypto
investment information click the first
link in the description to join our
community and elevate your crypto
investment knowledge today anyway guys
hope you all enjoyed today's video and
that provided you with some value I'll
see you all in the next one and as
always all the best
