massive altcoin news today smash the
like button before we get to altcoins we
need to talk about Bitcoin we need to
talk about the crypto markets in the
larger macroscope Donald Trump is now
being declared the Bitcoin president the
crypto president by Major Financial
entities like Standard Charter by the
mainstream media like Yahoo finance we
reported this to you the other day
Donald Trump being now synonymous with a
pro crypto Pro Bitcoin policy comes
after Donald Trump made great remarks on
bitcoin promising to protect the crypto
industry in the US yeah with the goggles
on uh a lot of this SM people in crypto
are moving their businesses out of the
US because they're scared of like uh the
US's regulations because of the
hostility correct yeah crypto is moving
out of the US because of hostility
toward crypto correct so what are you
going to do to stop it well we'll stop
it because I don't want that I don't
want that I want that if we're going to
embrace it we have to let them be here
yes
sir you know we did it when s were not
hot and we made nfts hot again looking
at Donald Trump's promises versus
Biden's actions Joe Biden has almost the
exact opposite views on crypto as Donald
Trump for instance the house just
started a formal process to basically
kill the sec's controversial accounting
policy on the crypto industry this Gary
Gensler crypto policy would be bad for
crypto the house would be right to try
and kill it but President Joe Biden says
he'll kill or veto the proposed
resolution if it reaches his desk for
approval and with nobody standing in
their way the SEC continues to put
intense pressure on crypto businesses in
the US recently the SEC has rejected
coinbase's request for appeal saying
that having made the weather coinbase
cannot complain that it is now raining
look Joe Biden is receiving his crypto
marching orders from the wrong people
Joe Biden would be much smarter to adopt
crypto be Pro Bitcoin and he might lose
a lot of votes because of it even Mark
cubin coming out and saying if Joe Biden
loses there's a good chance you will be
able to thank Gary Gensler and the SEC
because crypto is a Mainstay with
younger and independent voters Gensler
has not protected a single investor
against fraud Gary Gensler is trying to
destroy the crypto industry the crypto
industry wants a away to register and
comply it wants a away to keep the
speculative noise out and yet it can't
this is the legacy of Gary Gensler he
has made impossible for good companies
to do the right thing and Joe Biden
aligning himself with Gary Gensler and
the current SEC not very smart when so
many people are pro crypto so Joe Biden
and Donald Trump the two presidential
Front Runners planted their flags on
very different sides of the crypto
debate this week Joe Biden makes it
clear that he would side with Elizabeth
Warren and Gary Gensler by continuing to
support the sec's regulation by
enforcement Donald Trump says that he
would stop the hostility towards crypto
in the US and make sure to start
accepting campaign donations in crypto
we are living in interesting times
Bitcoin has never been an issue in a US
presidential election like things could
start getting really massive for Bitcoin
and the crypto industry depending on how
the next one two years plays out now no
matter what happens Bitcoin keeps on
ticking crypto keeps on building Michael
sailor applauding bitcoin's 1 billion
transaction Milestone continuing to put
his money where his mouth is topping up
his Bitcoin wallets throughout March and
April I famously said I'm going to be
buying the top forever Bitcoin is the
exit strategy it is the strongest asset
so what we see right now is the Bitcoin
is just emerg as a trillion dollar asset
class and it's alongside names like
Apple and Google and Microsoft but the
difference between Bitcoin and the
Magnificent 7 is Bitcoin is an asset
class it's not a company there's not
enough room in the capital structure of
those companies to hold 10 trillion or
hundred trillion dollars worth of
capital so bitcoin's competing against
gold which is 10x what it is right now
it's competing against the S&P index
it's competing against Real Estate a
hundred trillion doll plus asset class
as a store of value so we believe
capital is going to keep flowing from
those asset classes into Bitcoin because
Bitcoin is technically Superior to those
asset classes and that that being the
case there's just no reason to sell the
winner to buy the losers Jack dorsey's
company the block parent company of
squares cash app they're flipping 10% of
their profits into Bitcoin every month
Jack dorsy saying I think Bitcoin will
be worth at least a million by 2030 what
do you find appealing about Bitcoin
about digital currency where do you see
it going in the next 10 20 years I think
the most beautiful thing about it is
there's no one person setting the
direction and there's no one person on
the other side that can stop it we have
have something that is um pretty organic
in nature and very principled in its
original design you know I think the
Bitcoin white paper is one of the most
seminal works of computer science in the
last 20 30 years it's poetry the
underlying principles behind it that
went into it even to the point of
releasing it under a
pseudonym I think that's a a very very
powerful statement the timing of when it
was released is powerful it it was it
was a total activist move move in the
world and in a way that um I think is
extremely Noble and honorable and
enables everyone to be part of the story
let's get into some massive altcoin news
this is information you need to know
about eity is transitioning into an
ethereum L2 for entertainment Brands
they've got a lot in the pipeline real
world asset collectible apps web3 FPS
game and a lending protocol sitting at a
$100 million market cap other l2s at 2
billion so basically aity chain once
known for nfts is redefining itself the
future of entertainment with AI the aity
chain L2 launching soon speaking of
ethereum l2's polygon news I thought
this was significant 1 million plus
daily active addresses for 45
consecutive days straight by far the
highest number in polygon's history
probably nothing and then getting more
into AI if you're bullish on AI coins or
coins that do Tok Burns you know with
better Supply demand Dynamics AIT
protocol continues to do stuff like this
continuing our dedication to regular
token Burns to significantly reduce the
supply we have successfully burned 128
million AIT tokens additionally a
buyback burn of approximately 3 million
AIT tokens worth almost 900,000 has been
completed moreover excessive liquidity
tokens have also been burned this marks
the completion of over 55% of the total
AIT Supply being burned
hears to many more in the near future
and then in addition to this AIT as an
actual protocol what it does in AI I
think it's interesting I'm an investor
same with lime wire I mean the question
is why aren't more token projects doing
stuff like this completing token Burns
and like I said similar to AIT protocol
what they're doing with AI I think lime
wire is also what they're doing with AI
is significant is interesting quick
update on what's been going on with them
2.2 million website visits in the last
month 17 million million lime wire
mentions on x 27.5 million tokens burned
and then new lime wire all-time high of
176 and here's the thing how can Joe
Biden and Elizabeth Warren still be
against crypto at this point when 1.6
trillion asset managers like Franklin
Templeton are writing reports how
they're bullish on salana they think it
could be a top crypto like Bitcoin and
ethereum they think salana has a lot of
room to grow and then more than that I
love stuff like this sana's got a real
Grassroots community I'm getting the
boys together to pump salana you
[Applause]
in another reason why I'm bullish on
chain link is because their strategy is
unique and I think powerful they're
targeting the financial institutions
where the money is traditional markets
have hundreds of trillions of dollars
personally I think that all the value
will eventually be reformatted into the
blockchain format and chain link wants
to be the ones who do it be right next
to that money coming to crypto once you
do enough market penetration in all over
the world in consumer markets and the
retail hedge funds and the prop Traders
kind of get the industry to10
trillion what's next like where where
does the other $490 trillion that this
industry is going to secure come from
Well turns out it comes from the place
where it is which is the traditional
Financial system right and so the
challenge is how do you convert and
transfer all of the value in the
traditional Financial system into the
blockchain format of value what what are
the things that need to happen and
eventually we'll we'll be in a world
where the way a def5 protocol is
successful is by allowing all the users
in various large asset managers and
Banks to use that def5 protocol Phantom
Foundation launching a $6.5 million
prize pool to incentivize safer meme
coins Phantom really putting their money
into the mem coin Market on their chain
Avalanche recently partnered with
payment firm stripe enabling verified
stripe users to purchase avac crypto and
transfer to their wallet stripe
significant this is good for Avalanche a
lot is going on in crypto my friends
blink and you're going to Miss It smash
the like button send this video to a
friend tune in to our Channel every day
make sure you subscribe we keep you
updated on a daily basis keeping you
informed on everything going on in
crypto if you're interested in making
money sub to the channel see you
tomorrow 2024 is going to be a great
year
