welcome back to the crypto channel of
yourone my name is Josh and right now
Bitcoin is running into critical
resistance getting ready for the next
major move as billions of dollars of
liquidations are just about to happen
while a new warning signal is flashing
in the shortterm for the price of
Bitcoin while ethereum is getting closer
towards the next major level of
resistance while salana is moving
towards the next major price Target so
I'll be talking about all of that and
more later in the video so definitely
watch to the
end first of all just before getting
into the Bitcoin charts today taking a
look at the bitcoin news today and on
Friday we saw another massive net inflow
into the spot Bitcoin ETFs this time
around a net inflow of around
221.50 million us and so if we're taking
a look at the numbers for this week from
Monday to Friday every single day this
week we saw a net inflow into the spot
Bitcoin ETFs obviously on Monday we saw
that relatively small net inflow but
then on Tuesday we saw a $100 million
inflow on Wednesday we saw a massive
inflow over $300 million buying up
Bitcoin through the spot Bitcoin ETFs on
Thursday we saw a quar of a billion
dollar inflow and on Friday once again
we just saw over 220 Million worth of
net inflow and so obviously with these
decent sized net inflows coming into the
spot Bitcoin ETFs over this last one
week There's no surprise why we saw a
lot of bullish price action in the price
of Bitcoin over this same time period
because once again we saw a lot of new
money coming into Bitcoin to buy up
Bitcoin through the spot Bitcoin ETFs
which obviously helps to pump the price
of Bitcoin and in case you're new to all
of this the spot Bitcoin ETFs trade on
the US Stock Market and the stock
markets closed over the weekend which
means the spot Bitcoin ETFs do not trade
on the weekend and with that being said
taking a look at the Bitcoin charts
today looking at the 3-day time frame
and right now this hidden bullish
Divergence is still playing out exactly
as expected as I've been saying for a
while now on the channel and once again
a hidden bullish Divergence Which is
higher lows in the price and lower lows
in the RSI means we're most likely going
to see a trend continuation and of
course we were in a bullish Trend
leading into the Divergence which means
we're likely going to see a continuation
of the larger bullish Trend further to
the upside in the coming months but as
always I have to explain that there's a
difference between the different time
frames so for anyone that's new to all
of this you have to understand that even
during these larger bullish moves we can
see short-term pullbacks every now and
again and so just because I'm very
bullish on one time frame like the
larger time frames here that does not
necessarily mean bullish across all time
frames because once again on small time
frames we can flip between bullish and
bearish basically every single day but
that's on the small time frames not on
the larger time frames and so for
example let's just say if there's a
bearish signal on a smaller time frame
like the 4H hour or 2hour chart that
does not necessarily contra redict the
larger time frames because they are two
completely different time frames and
with that being said taking a look at
the daily Bitcoin chart and right now
the price of Bitcoin is obviously still
looking bullish as I've been saying
every day since this exact low below
$60,000 which is why I started to enter
my long position which I shared here on
the channel when the price was below
60,000 and one of the main reasons why
I've already been flipping bullish over
the last couple of weeks here in terms
of the larger moves in the market or the
trend here on the daily time frame is
due to the fact that we've seen a
bearish reversal in the dxy we've seen a
major pullback in the dxy which is a
bullish reversal signal for Bitcoin as
we've seen time and time again and so
once again as I've been saying if we
continue to see this pullback in the dxy
that is a continued bullish signal for
Bitcoin in terms of the trend on The
Daily time frame which once again can
contain short-term pullbacks during a
bullish trend
and if we're taking a look at the daily
Bitcoin RSI once again as I've been
saying every day over the last 2 weeks
this is already looking bullish we've
seen that breakout Above This previous
descending line of resistance and now
new higher lows and higher highs in the
RSI confirming a bullish reversal from a
bearish trend into a new bullish Trend
and if we're simply taking a look at the
last couple of times that this has
happened in the daily Bitcoin RSI this
previously happened just before a major
move to the upside in the price of
Bitcoin over the next few months or so
and so once again in terms of the larger
moves in the price of Bitcoin on the
larger time frames or the trend in the
price of Bitcoin here I am still very
bullish as I've been saying since this
exact low right down here but once again
on smaller time frames we can see
shortterm bearish moves even during a
bullish Trend so just keep that in mind
and if we're taking a look at this daily
Bitcoin chart right now obviously We are
continuing the bullish breakout from
this bullish falling wedge pattern that
I've also been talking about for a long
time now on the channel but as of right
now we are actually running into
short-term resistance which is sitting
in between around 67,000 to 68,000 based
on this previous high and so at least
for now until we actually confirm a
breakout above around 68,000 there's
still a possibility that we could
struggle around this area of resistance
which means we could potentially see
some sort of sideways consolidation or
possibly some sort of rejection or
pullback from that resistance but once
the price of Bitcoin eventually confirms
a breakout above 68,000 then we're
likely going to see a fairly quick move
up towards the all-time highs which is
basically the next major area of
resistance sitting in between 72,000 to
74,000 which is also the price target
for this breakout for the falling wedge
but if we zooming into the much shorter
term here on the 4-Hour time frame right
now the price of Bitcoin is flashing a
new bearish Divergence with higher highs
confirmed in the price action and lower
highs forming here in the 4-Hour Bitcoin
RSI and if we're looking at the last
time this happened we saw a short-term
pullback over the next couple of days or
so and usually a bearish Divergence it
basically means that we're losing
bullish momentum in the short term so
usually a bearish Divergence plays out
in the form of either a sideways
consolidation or a bit of a pullback
over the next couple of days here on the
4-Hour time frame that is as the most
likely scenarios but even if we see this
short-term bearish Divergence actually
play out here in the short term if we're
zooming out to a larger time frame that
shortterm bearish Divergence playing out
would only look something like that for
example before we eventually continue on
with the bullish Trends the larger
bullish Trend and so once again at least
for now it's possible we could struggle
around this resistance or play out this
short-term bearish Divergence so just
keep that in mind but ultimately when
we're looking at the bigger picture on
the larger time frames we are still very
bullish and so when it comes to my
Bitcoin trading strategy right now I'm
still currently long on the price of
Bitcoin once again as I've been sharing
every day here on the channel since the
price was below
$60,000 and just yesterday this was a
250k Bitcoin long position but since my
last video I have taken a little bit
more profits off the table so at the
time of recording this video this is
currently a 220k Bitcoin long position
as you can see on the leftand side right
there but because this is an inverse
Perpetual trade this actually pays out
in Bitcoin so when I'm selling the long
position or taking profits from the long
position it pays out in Bitcoin and so
effectively I'm just deleveraging
Bitcoin when I'm taking profits from
these trade and so what that means is
when I'm taking profits it is a winwin
scenario if the price dumps I've already
taken some profits which is good news
but if the price pumps first of all I
still have a lot of the long position
remaining open which would benefit from
a pump but also even if I closed the
entire position and the price of Bitcoin
still pumped because the position pays
out in Bitcoin I'm still holding Bitcoin
which is gaining value in US dollar
terms if the price is pumping so even if
I close the entire long position because
that pays out in Bitcoin I would still
benefit from a pump even if I closed the
entire long which obviously I haven't
actually done and so overall when it
comes to this trade right here
personally I'm holding this as more of a
swing trade basically trading the larger
move to the upside kind of like what we
saw back here or back here for example
and so basically I'd be holding this
trade over multiple weeks if not months
and already I have been holding this
trade for roughly around 1 to two weeks
now but as I've also said here on the
channel at certain points of resistance
or certain price targets along the way
up I will take some profits along the
way because personally when it comes to
my trading strategy as always this is
not Financial advice because I don't
know your personal financial situation
but when it comes to my Trading strategy
personally I scale into long positions
or scale into positions in general and
scale out of positions and I do that
instead of the alternative which would
be to wait for a specific price Target
to hit to enter the trade and then a
specific price Target to hit to exit the
entire trade and if you're doing that
what you are effectively doing is trying
to time the perfect bottom and time the
perfect top to open all at once and
close all at once and if you're doing
that honestly that will end very badly
over the long run and so instead once
again what I do is when I think the
price of Bitcoin is approaching some
sort of low or bottom and I'm looking to
enter a long position basically I scale
my entries by having multiple buy orders
at multiple levels and so by doing that
I don't have to try and time the exact
bottom or hit the exact bottom I
basically just have to scoop up that low
scoop up a lot of Bitcoin at those lower
prices to trade that move to the upside
and then when it comes to exiting the
trade I have a similar strategy but
obviously in the opposite direction with
slowly reducing the size of the trade at
specific levels to the upside as we go
further and further to the upside and so
by doing that if we for example crash
right now I'm not saying that's going to
happen but just for an example let's
just say if we crash right now and we
failed to hit the full technical price
Target in that situation I've already
taken some profits from that trade but
because I've not closed the entire trade
I've only taken some profits I've only
started to scale out of the trade
because I still have a lot of the trade
open if the price continues to pump I
would also continue to benefit from that
scenario and so essentially my trading
strategy is to minimize risk while
maximizing returns and as you can see
here it is indeed working with this one
trade right here netting over 27,000 in
unrealized profits and over 10,000 in
realized profits in less than 2 weeks
and if you also want to take trades just
like this to make a lot of easy money in
crypto then make sure to check out this
exchange which I'm trading on right now
which is buybit so I'll make sure to
leave a link to buybit in the
description down below and in the Pinn
comments and if you use that link down
below this video to make a buybit
account and deposit on that account then
you can get up to a $330,000 deposit
bonus but only if you use that link down
below this video and also if you use
that link it'll take you to this page
right here where you can claim an
exclusive 200 usdt airdrop position just
by making a buybit account using that
link down below this video making a
deposit and claiming this airdrop and so
if you're going to be trading crypto
anyway you might as well check this out
once again first link down below this
video but for whatever reason if you
cannot access byit or if you cannot kyc
on buybit there is also bitflex which is
another crypto exchange similar to
buybit but you don't need kyc for
bitflex and so I will also make sure to
leave a link to bitflex down below this
video as an alternative crypto exchange
and if we're taking a quick look at the
Bitcoin liquidation heat map we can see
billions of dollars of liquidity sitting
right at around
675,000 going up towards around
68,000 and so once again that's sitting
right around this area of resistance
that I just mentioned earlier which
means if we see a confirmed breakout
above 68,000 we could quickly see a move
up towards that all-time high area
because basically if short positions get
liquidated that adds buying pressure to
bitcoin because whenever a short
position closes they have to buy back
into the underlying asset so in this
case Bitcoin which pumps the price
further to the upside and so once again
at least in the imminent short term
there's still a possibility that this
bearish Divergence could play out or we
could still struggle around this area of
resistance at least just in the short
term but soon enough when we eventually
break out above 68,000 once again we're
likely going to see that next major move
up towards the all-time high and if
we're taking a look at ethereum on the
weekly time frame right now the price of
eth is still bouncing from that exact
Fibonacci level that I've been talking
about here on the channel and once again
that Fibonacci level of support sitting
at around 2860 to 2870 and if we're
taking a look at the daily time frame we
are also continuing to see a short-term
Bounce from this descending line of
support for this potential falling wedge
pattern which is sitting at around
2850 and so right now the price is
indeed approaching this line of
resistance based on these previous highs
which is sitting at approximately
3220 and we also have some resistance at
around
3260 and some more resistance at around
3350 based on this previous high and so
basically at the time of recording this
video we have not yet confirmed a
bullish Trend reversal for the price of
eth unlike Bitcoin but if we start
breaking out Above This resistance and
ideally Above This previous High then we
can start to become more confident that
the price is actually flipping more
bullish again after this short-term
bearish Trend and for the time being
just in the short term here on the 8
hour time frame we're still in this
choppy sideways price range in between
this area of support and this area of
resistance first of all this area of
support is sitting in between around
2850 to 2950 and this area of resistance
is sitting in between around 3.2k to
3250 with more resistance once again at
around
3350 but believe it or not you can still
make a lot of easy profits in choppy
sideways price action just like this and
if you want to know how to do that then
stick around to the end of this video to
find out more but first taking a look at
the 4 Hour time frame and right now this
short-term bullish Divergence is
technically still playing out but
obviously the RSI on the 4-Hour time
frame is brushing against overbought
territories and so basically we are
seeing a bit of a Slowdown just in the
imminent short term from this bullish
Divergence and obviously as the price
also approaches resistance we could
still struggle around these areas on the
chart so basically even though this
bullish Divergence has not yet been
invalidated technically it is still
active on the chart OD not necessarily
expected to play out much longer
especially as the price approaches this
resistance which is why I said earlier
that we need to break out Above This
resistance and ideally Above This
previous high in order to become much
more confident that we're actually
reversing back in the bullish Direction
and with that being said taking a look
at the price of salana on the 12-hour
time frame and since my last video we've
continued the bullish breakout from the
bullish inverse Head and Shoulders
pattern and so first of all around 2
days ago now on the channel I said we
were initially breaking outs but
potentially invalidating the breakout
but obviously since then we did not
actually see a candle close well below
160 which I said two days ago here on
the channel we would have to confirm a
break back below 160 to invalidate that
breakout which did not happen and so as
I said in my last video we further
confirmed this breakout and what we are
actually now seeing is a breakout Above
This previous area of support which was
acting as a bit of resistance right here
and that price range is sitting in
between 167 to 172 and right now once
again we've seen a 12-hour candle close
above that area and we've actually
started to retest that area and so far
we are finding support in that price
range which is good news this is bullish
price structure and so as of right now
we are still heading towards this
bullish price Target which I talked
about over the last couple of days and
this bullish price Target is still
sitting at around $28 to
$29 and so from the point of the
breakout if you took that trade you
would already be up around 8% with no
leverage and to the full technical price
Target that's around a 30% move to the
upside from the breakout or from where
we are right now as I've recorded in
this video to that technical price
Target that's still over a 20% move to
the upside which is still a Possible
Trading opportunity that we could take
because for example a 20% move in the
price of salana with a 5x leverage long
position could basically double your
money that would be a 100% profit
because it's 20 % time 5x leverage but
as always that is just an example not
personal financial advice and in my
situation personally I'm not actually
taking this trade right here on salana
even though it could be a decent trading
opportunity and the reason behind that
is because I'm already very much long on
bitcoin as I said in my last video the
crypto market usually moves together
which basically means if we see more
bullish price action for salana it is
very likely that we're going to see some
more bullish price action for Bitcoin
following salana or vice versa where
which basically means if the price of
salana continues towards this bullish
price Target it's likely that I would
continue to benefit from this Bitcoin
long position and once again if you want
to trade the price of any crypto check
out those links down below this video to
claim those extra bonuses and if you
actually want to know how to trade
crypto no matter if the price is bullish
bearish or chopping around sideways then
make sure to watch these videos popping
up right here on your screen the video
in the top left shows you how you can
profit from bullish or bearish Price
action using long positions or short
position positions and the video in the
bottom left shows he he can easily
profit from choppy sideways press action
but anyway that is everything that I
have to say for today I really hope you
enjoyed and I'll see you all in the next
video
