I think we're going to see a million
this year bitcoin price has been
suppressed for a very long time we
should have hit these levels at maybe
100K a few years ago but if you look at
the amount of fraud that was perpetrated
by FTX and other companies that's really
what stole the 100k from Bitcoin in 2021
we should have been there but they stole
that
our thesis is that we are going to this
hyper Bitcoin estate that's the the
final step M but in between there has to
be a transition from the Fiat system
into this new system right and I don't
believe a lot of countries are well
prepared and I also believe this
transition is going to happen very
rapidly it's not a matter of decades out
it it's probably within the next 5 to 10
years many consider Samson mau's $1
million prediction for Bitcoin
controversial and unrealistic critics
have pointed out that Global macro
conditions and Rising geopolitical
tensions make Ma's predictions
particularly unfeasible yet the Jan 3
chief executive officer argues that
these exact factors will Propel
bitcoin's prices straight to a million
dollars when the time comes according to
Mao all we need for reasonably higher
Bitcoin prices is a tiny crack in the
system this crack will show the world's
over 8 billion population that the
current monetary system is not only
skewed it's completely rigged to fail
Mao believes this crack will begin in
the US bond market which was once
thought to be the world's safest
Financial Market but is now showing more
signs of volatility than several other
asset classes Mao paints a vivid picture
of the potential crisis that could
unfold if investors lose faith in the US
government's ability to manage its
massive debt he envisions a rapid
unraveling of the entire monetary system
with everyone scrambling for a solution
in a recent discussion with podcaster
and journalist EF fixon Mao delved into
the concept of hyperbitcoinization the
possibility of sovereign adoption of
Bitcoin and his $1 million Bitcoin
prediction as we share Snippets from
this insightful conversation we
encourage you to engage with our content
by liking this video subscribing to our
Channel and turning on post
notifications for more thought-provoking
videos like this thank you and enjoy the
video I believe hyperbitcoinization is
an inevitability and we are just
speeding it up a little bit by trying to
get the nation states on board gen 3 we
work with governments work with
politicians Regulators central banks too
if they're open to discussions we're
engaging with them to help them
Implement a Bitcoin strategy because our
thesis is that we are going to this
hyper Bitcoin estate that's the the
final step but in between there has to
be a transition from the Fiat system
into this new system and I don't believe
a lot of countries are well prepared and
I also believe this transition is going
to happen very rapidly it's not a matter
of decades out it it's probably within
the next 5 to 10 years really yes and
that means a lot of places are ill
prepared for this transition and being
unprepared for that transition means
that a lot of people will suffer similar
to demonetization events in the past if
you look at India in 2016 they pulled
some currencies out of circulation and
uh a lot of people died about a dozen
people died during this very tumultus
demonetization event and it's just
removing a few bills of circulation but
people were lining up at the bank uh
some were dying of exposure some were
not able to pay medical bills because
they had the old bills old bills in the
the hospital wouldn't take the old ones
because they're worried that it's going
to be worthless but if you take that and
EXT rolate that to the whole world we
have about 8 billion people that need to
onboard into Bitcoin still and we're
nowhere prepared to do that Al salador
is decently prepared they have their
National wallet they have some education
programs they're teaching people in
schools and they have Bitcoin law but
other places are not prepared so what we
hope to do is facilitate that and get
some form of Bitcoin adoption now so
that they have a few years time to
gracefully move into Bitcoin is a
parallel track to the Fiat track and be
ready for that point at which fi dies we
come at Bitcoin adoption in terms of
incentives and trying to align
incentives for them to bitcoin and
typically this is uh in line with mining
so if they have excess energy and a lot
of uh more developing poor countries in
the world have a lot of untapped energy
reserves they just have no way to access
them and no money to build Hydro dams
and geothermal plants and the such so we
look at and see what they need if they
need infrastructure like airports
roads whatever hospitals they could mine
Bitcoin and pay for those things with
Bitcoin because they have untapped
energy or they're just throwing away
excess energy that's what we go to the
government's with we go and see what
they need and what we can do to make the
incentives align together or it could be
that they have ESG goals MH and they
want to uh remove flare gas
installations and you can do that mining
Bitcoin so we just kind of try to figure
out all the different pieces of the pule
that appeal to them and approach it that
way we don't talk about the
hyperbitcoinization
end game and things like that cuz I
think it will scare scare them for ma
getting countries and nation states to
adopt Bitcoin is a matter of freedom and
restoring balance in the world as a
Canadian the Jan 3 CEO cites the example
of the Canadian government's overreach
during the freedom Convoy protests in
2022 the Justin Trudeau Le government
declared the emergencies act an
extraordinary piece of federal
legislation granting itself additional
Powers with which it then proceeded to
abuse citizens rights not only were the
protesters forcefully and physically
removed from the protesting grounds but
people who donated to their cause were
also demonized and continuously harassed
by the government the banks also readily
help freeze the personal accounts of the
organizers cutting them off banking
services without any authorization from
the courts it really does not get more
diabolic ma warns that many other
governments will resort to such
tyrannical activities when the Great
Fiat Bonzi begins to collapse they will
do everything to stop the people from
taking control including seizing all
properties and assets within the system
here are more clips from the interview I
think at the end of the day governments
are still made up of people and you can
have bad governments because there are
bad people weak people in the government
like Trudeau and there's plenty of
examples of this but you can also have
good people in the government that want
good things for their constituents but
the Bitcoin adoption aspect ECT is
critical I believe and this is why a lot
of us have galvanized around gen 3 in
our mission because we can we can see
Bitcoin changing the government changing
the relation between the state and a
citizen of the State uh whereby you're
not just a tax slave anymore but you're
someone that has to be respected and
listen to because now they can't just
take your stuff right you can't
print money anymore like inflation is
basically hidden money printing people
don't realize it but they can print
money explicitly or implicitly through
inflation it's a you can tax people
explicitly or tax people secretly
through inflation yep and with Bitcoin
you can't do that anymore and if you
look at a lot of government policy the
bad policy most people would never agree
to things like what they're doing like
in Canada we have the arrive arrive can
Scandal or arrive scam as they're
calling it now what is that it was
during covid they had a app that you had
to put your vaccination status and
update everything every time you entered
and left Canada right and they spent $84
million on this app that just uh just
log data basically MH and uh a recent
Revelation was the CEO of arve Canen was
actually a government employee at the
National Defense Department of Defense
so there's a lot of corruption and uh
Bitcoin can fix all of this I believe
but the point is there are a lot of bad
things governments can do to people and
Bitcoin removes the ability for them to
do that because now you kind of have to
ask people to put up money whether it's
for war or for arrive can or something
and people wouldn't agree to spending
money in that way MH so it restores a
balance I believe to the force but not
everyone can vote with their feet some
people have to stay for whatever reasons
sure and there's also the challenge of
uh can you leave too because we've
learned through covid that Mobility can
be stopped so I think we have to at some
point engage with governments we can't
just flee there's only so many places we
can go like in theory we could all flee
to El Salvador MH but then what happens
to El Salvador
if every country is a Fiat country and
controlled by the money printers and
we're all in El Salvador well they can
just nuke us or something right so we
have to fight back and we have to engage
to bring more allies to the Bitcoin side
where we are yeah yeah and I think we
will get there simply because of
Necessities governments at the end of
the day need money how do you maintain a
standing army for defense if you cannot
pay the soldiers
if your money is worthless and we've
seen examples of this from history where
government can't pay the soldiers and
that's it if the soldiers want Bitcoin
then maybe you need to have Bitcoin so
it becomes a national imperative for
them actually to have sound money and
this is why a lot of governments buy
gold because they know that the Fiat
money is just a a game a
thinly held together by tape game that
is going to fall apart at any time
that's why they're buying
gold so Bitcoin is just new gold in
other news Galaxy digital CEO Mike
novogratz has given three factors he
believes could push Bitcoin to new
all-time highs in
2024 the factors include a Fed rate cut
and a big regulatory breakthrough during
a recent interview published on Galaxy's
YouTube channel novog grat said there's
a Resurgence of the oh my God the
economy slowing down narrative which
will be helpful I don't think Bitcoin
will take out the old
$73,000 high unless we get the FED in
action or get some regulatory
breakthrough I do believe the next move
is up because I think we're going to get
closer to the election and Powell is
going to want to cut rates another
bullish Factor according to the Galaxy
digital CEO is the amount of US federal
government spending and mounting debt
which he believes will lead more people
to invest in Bitcoin as digital gold
novag grat said having really crappy
policy makers and proplate Spenders and
populists in Washington is great for my
netw worth that's just the story of
Bitcoin Bitcoin is going up for the same
reason gold is going up it's gone up
faster because we're a newer technology
we are a newer commodity and therefore
the adoption cycle is happening faster
please share your thoughts on Ma's $1
million Bitcoin prediction and noog gr's
comments also ensure you like this video
video subscribe to the channel and turn
on post notifications for more videos
like this thanks for watching
