[Music]
Bitcoin on the move again and the
Market's starting to heat up we'll take
a look at that and also some news on the
Sab 121 which is good news for crypto a
lot of things happening right now my
name is Paul Baron welcome back in Tech
path we'll break it all down for you
guys today and of course I do want to
thank our sponsor and that is itust
capital if you guys are looking at
long-term holding and you want to do it
in an IRA this is the place to do it and
all you have to do is start an IRA or
you can actually convert one and get
right in there just by going to itrust
capital.com jump in buy a little bit of
crypto whether you want to do Bitcoin
eth maybe some altcoins you can also do
gold and silver over there all
self-directed so you get to manage it uh
it's a great long-term strategy which I
think a lot of people are starting to
play into their overall portfolio
remember a portfolio is a lot of
different things so check it out use our
link it's going to get a $100 funding
reward if you use it
all right let's go into a couple of
topics today I want to hit on the uh
what I think is kind of the news of the
day and that is US Senate votes now to
overturn the SEC rule this was if you
haven't been following along basically
the SEC said hey we uh we want to
prevent Banks from being able to hold
and uh any crypto including Bitcoin
Etc the house came in overturned it and
said listen you don't make the laws here
um and then they moved it on to the
Senate the Senate says you know what uh
we agree with you so the only
interesting thing in in here is that
President Biden has said that he would
veto this so I'm wondering does he
waffle on this and we actually get this
uh cleared for banks to hold it now many
people would say hey maybe Banks
shouldn't hold crypto maybe that changes
the whole thing but if you look at the
market overall the Dow of course hitting
a $40,000 or excuse me a 40,000 Mark for
the first time in history this is
another major Milestone on the on Wall
Street and I think when you uh kind of
compare this to what's happening in
crypto right now is this the beginning
that we've been talking about for quite
some time granted the market is hot both
in the S&P in the Dow you look at some
other uh characteristics of where Mark
the markets are going everything seems
to be he heating up but even though
Bitcoin is still not coming back to its
high we'll get into all that for you
guys by the way if you're not subscribed
to the channel make sure and hit the
Subscribe button right now it's going to
give you a notification of these live
streams so you're going to get a to
catch a lot of this stuff we've got a
lot of new content hitting the network
you definitely don't want to miss that
we've got a big interview coming up with
the propy CEO if you haven't checked out
propy go check the token you can get it
on coinbase you can also learn a little
bit more about what they're doing in the
whole idea of tokenized real estate
going to be huge check that one out it's
coming up here I think we're going to
drop it today so anyway Bitcoin analysis
sees 74k as the next bitcoin price uh
position tries to hold a 7 7 and half%
gain couple of points here that you kind
of look at is uh 66k on May 16th after
the US macro data sparked a little bit
of an asset Surge and this is based on
the whole issue around inflation
inflation was flat that's a good thing
we don't want it to go up and the real
question is will jobs continue to be a
problem and also retail sales numbers
that's going to be some things that we
need to factor in over the next couple
of months other things that kind of play
in to this if you look at the you know
just the comparison of a few things some
immediate reactions were suspicious the
market observers pointing to rapidly
increasing open interest this is another
problem and one of the several signs
that Bitcoin move might be unsustainable
so how are you playing this is this
something where you're waiting for
another dollar cost average you know
some people I know on our Channel we
jumping in around that 56 57 range and
you're in a good position right now if
you're holding Bitcoin in a position of
uh swing trades but if you're long-
terming then you're just dollar cost
averaging nothing wrong with either one
of those strategies right now here's
Krueger he hits in on this says stocks
are at all-time highs long rates topped
dollar is topped as well Bitcoin is at
66 the world economy is growing pal is a
bit doish me going to zoom on on that
and central banks are about to start
cutting rates QT tapering about to start
I don't know that I completely agree
with the fact that we are going to see
rate cutting I think we still have to
see a little bit more confirmation that
inflation has been conquered and and
that would be I think under the 3% range
and that's still a ways out could be
months out but if we hit that then I
feel like most likely by then there's
going to be enough pressure on the
economy where Powell could come in and
do some job or excuse me some interest
rate adjustments here's a clip from Mike
novag Gratz I thought this was
interesting fascinating week in crypto a
lot of narratives are forming and odds
are starting to shift a little bit I
want to play this because this gets into
a little bit of what's happening in the
political landscape listen to it ex
president and candidate Trump came out
and said I'm gonna be the crypto
president he he got on stage with a guy
named Ryan selus who's a big guy in the
crypto community and said you know
there's enough people that like crypto
that I'm going to support crypto so in
one day you had one candidate saying
crypto good and one candidate saying
crypto bad and I got on TV today I was
like it's kind of like the Democrats
went out and said we don't like
dogs that there are more crypto owners
in America than there are dog owners
right 65 million people own a dog 855
million people own crypto ex president
all right so you can kind of see there's
a little bit of a a sea change underway
and we've talked about it earlier this
week last week um covering this issue
around the political positioning and and
this is something that does heat up in
the summer months leading into an
election like what we're going to be
dealing with in terms of a presidential
election and I and I think we are seeing
some good narrative starting to form
around crypto because it is kind of that
freedom component that a lot of these
candidates are kind of pushing to so
real question is whether or not Biden is
going to jump into the camp that is a
big one bitcoin's uh price bounces after
a 900 plus institutions revealed that
Hey listen we got you know some Loose
Change setting in spot ETFs by the way
in the term of around 10.7 billion out
there so that's a pretty uh significant
amount uh May 15th uh comprise deadline
for us investment firms holding at least
nine figs worth of spot Bitcoin 929
investment firms disclosed ownership
that's a significant move and it also
shows I think the confidence in where
the market is going in terms of overall
markets of crypto in general so good
news there I think that is still very
undervalued
around where even Bitcoin is holding in
here's balunis he goes in and shows that
Millennium management management and
alternative asset manager commanding 64
Bill uh in assets also he noted that
approximately 60% of institutional spots
uh ETF whales are investment advisers so
that's another good ident identifier
with hudge hedge funds also accounting
for a sizable share of investors at 25%
so not bad make sure by the way and drop
some uh comments over on the side we'll
try to get to some questions but you can
never be sure what hedge funds are up to
by uh if they were definitely big buyers
not I think those are you know scenarios
that we've already seen play out you
know including on Wall Street bets uh
we've already seen that play out a
couple times uh there's some other data
out here that says 65% of Institutions
reported holding shares in Gray scale uh
Bitcoin trust so uh interesting stuff
man guys we are are we in that that era
of where you see where a lot of these
institutions see the writing on the wall
and they're starting to make that early
move is this the time where we see
Bitcoin take off to a 75k number hit
that all-time high and just crack
through or is this a short-term uh lived
event and we start to see it pull back
and wait for the macro data to kind of
follow
along this is a good chart and this is
comparison uh of course sorry to show
you this Peter shiff but gold ETF
uh 95 ver firms invest in first quarter
versus uh 937 in Bitcoin ETFs so gold
not looking too great there in
comparison not that that's a big deal
but you know this is just reiteration
coming in from uh Metal La I'm going to
see him and some other people uh where
we're doing a co-host of an event there
for John Deon at the consensus event um
if you guys have not checked out John
deon's just go I think it's Deon for
Senate uh check it out because he's he's
definitely uh on a pace to go
head-to-head with Senator Warren and of
course that's we know the general of the
crypto Army U which is really guiding a
lot of what we're seeing on uh Capitol
Hill in terms of the bad news the good
news is that we've got a lot of people
that are starting to open up to this and
I think we're seeing some younger
politicians starting to understand where
this is going hedge funds now piling
into ibit then come mutual funds this is
important then come mutual funds then
Sovereign wealth and Pension funds now
we've seen some indic ations around
Pension funds already moving in this
space but we remember there are hundreds
if not thousands of Pensions F Pension
funds that play into this this is all
very early so you can kind of see things
lining up in a very interesting way uh
make sure to smash the like button right
now guys do you like these kind of
breakdowns we'll do some you know some
charts we'll take a look at that uh I
want to get your opinion on a handful of
tokens um but definitely smash the like
button it does help get others out there
that are brand new to crypto these are
people that are just now getting in
they're trying to find stuff they're
trying to figure out what is this crypto
about what's Bitcoin doing what's eth
you know what is going on with render
and what is web 3 your like helps those
people out all right here's another one
Futures exchange CME plans to launch
Bitcoin trading this will be another big
deal I think even though there isn't a
deadline on this or a date but the fact
that we've got a little bit of movement
there is pretty cool I want to go to a
clip real quick let's go and cut to this
clip because this one is going to get a
little bit more on the long-term
analysis on bitcoin this is by Anthony
scari listen in I think the
institutional adoption is happening now
uh the state of Wisconsin announced we
expect other Pension funds to announce
and of course Bitcoin now has the
regulatory approval and I think that was
the rate limiting step for a lot of
these large scale institutions and just
remember if you're not long Bitcoin
you're possibly short Bitcoin in the
sense that if you believe and I think
Black Rock has more or less said this
that this will be part of a long-term
tactical asset allocation strategy for
institutional investors then at some
point you've got to get long Bitcoin is
it a percent of Bitcoin one and a half%
Bitcoin I don't know so uh a lot of
smart institutions are saying let me get
long this thing before it becomes part
of a total tactical asset allocation
index and I think that that's starting
to happen now and that's very good for
Bitcoin
so tactical allocation index uh this is
something that is yet to be determined
especially in these hedge funds and also
in a lot of the midlevel management of
many of these portfolios I think this is
still going to be a uh a situation that
plays out over the next maybe over the
next year we'll see uh but there's
there's also some indicators here that
it's not everybody all in on this you
still have Vanguard coming in somewhat
negatively first Bitcoin state from
vanguard's new CEO remember this is the
c not this isn't the CEO but the one PRI
prior said hey we're not in it and then
of course they fired him everybody kind
of thought that might be an indicator
that Vanguard might be moving into a
Bitcoin ETF or at least positioning
repositioning their thought but I think
it's important for companies to be
consistent in terms of what they stand
for in products and services I think
it's entirely consistent with vanguard's
investment philosophy it's a logical and
consistent point of view and they're
talking about a situation where they're
not going to be uh partaking in the
Bitcoin situation now with that being
said there is a Quick Clip here that
talks about the difference between
Vanguard and black rock which is
important listen it I think about Black
Rock and Vanguard is sort of these
spiritual opposites you have black rock
it has over 400 ETFs they're in every
single asset class you take a look at
vanguard's lineup though they have 86
ETFs they don't touch Commodities crypto
derivatives and what I wanted to ask you
is do you see SEL Romi sort of adhering
to the Vanguard culture or maybe
bringing some of that black rock flavor
to
Vanguard this is a very interesting
question and for analysts like me this
is going to be fun to watch I think
they'll meet in the middle I think you
know obviously Vanguard is not into
something like Bitcoin won't even let
the ETFs trade on the platform the door
is now open in my opinion for at least
the ETF to trade on the platform if not
them launching
one so I I'm kind of of in the camp with
uh with balunis a little bit maybe you
can't you know because Vanguard remember
still has a board there's still a lot of
influence there there's Decades of
history of their strategy uh and they're
also looked at as a different kind of
investor notice they're not in
Commodities and I think that is maybe
the bigger Factor here is they just you
know a zebra is a zebra and it's always
going to be that and that might be the
case here with them unfortunately I
think they're going to have to
restructure when uh we see the kind of
frenzy that I yet I I think has yet to
really occur on Wall Street for Bitcoin
but also for crypto Assets in general so
lot happening uh vanderp comes in says
clearly Bitcoin uh has held the range
strong at 60 uh breakout upwards took
place though um a little bit of a calm
upward period seems inevitable this
period is where I think all coins will
start to accelerate so we're going to be
watching some altcoins we'll probably do
a handful of altcoin shows here coming
up over the next week or so CU there are
some movement happening and there are
people out there that are trying to
figure out how do you shuffle your
portfolios around some of these altcoins
and are there some still some potential
Buys in some of these altcoins remember
some of these altcoins are absolutely
going to go skyrocketing and there are a
handful that have not even made it yet I
think to the mainstream radar so there's
going to be some ones definitely that
come out of here uh pretty quickly I
know you guys are asking a about a lot
of altcoins in the chat so we'll try to
get to some of those on the question uh
this one I thought was interesting uh
this is the ethusd chart uh doesn't look
bad at all but if you look at the eth
Bitcoin chart not quite the same and I
think this is something that everybody's
been kind of you know a little bit
bummed about is the eth performance so
far eth definitely has a little bit of a
collar on it right now and that being
Gary gendler and the potential of it
being a security and timing is
everything on these markets do we see
this kind of thwart the potential of eth
in the short term because really if
you're a believer in what is happening
in web 3 what's happening in self-
Sovereign Finance the future is most
likely going to be in tokenized
Securities and tokenized assets ethereum
is going to be the model so that's one
thing to consider and you got to think
of it is this a fiveyear investment for
you a 2-year investment for you or a
10-year or 20year investment for you
everybody's different and yes should
play those a little bit different just
like if you were looking at uh you know
for me I bought Chipotle at the right
time I bought Microsoft at the right
time and got some Microsoft at the right
time uh let's go into this one right
here e bitcoin price dropped to its
lowest level since 2021 what does it
mean couple of points right here uh Etc
group says Hey revealed that there is a
net outflow of approximately 63 a half
million on global ethereum ETFs not
that's bad uncertainty contrast clear
regulatory pathway for spot Bitcoin ETF
versus reinforces The Narrative Bitcoin
as a store of value is the macro asset
couple other things you know emerge and
this is really more around other
networks which is a lot of people
looking at salana I would agree salana
is probably going to be the stronger
play right now at least if you're
looking at short-term and you didn't get
in on eth uh and you're trying to figure
out where to go now because there's a
lot of people that are new and they're
they're always wondering is it is it one
of the big three am I buying you know
salana am I going after ethereum or
Avalanche and I think if you have to
look at your position if you're
long-term you know and you're thinking
20 years from now eth could be the play
if you're thinking whether Avalanche and
salana or the short-term play next 18 to
36 okay then that's a little bit
different of a play for sure other
things that I'm going to hit on right
here uh here's crypto staking this is
more good news for the Europeans but
also good for crypto in general and that
is that uh you've got staking now
available over for uh the Euro Zone on
Robin Hood other things that are
happening out there look at this crazy
thing right here hit five billion in
equities trading volume one of our
highest and biggest days uh just in the
last 12 months these guys are moving
fast and then this right here the lead
over at crypto at uh Robin Hood uh says
we're going to give a 10% match on all
net crypto buys including Soul so I
don't know if that's a good thing
because they're giving it or is it a bad
thing because they're not getting enough
traction is that what's Happening Here
we'll see I mean sure we'll we'll we'll
probably start to see some of the
reports in the next quarterly uh from so
I'm kind of curious how how euro is the
Euro zone is going to report back in
terms of especially in a very positive
and somewhat friendly regulatory
environment obviously with what Robin
Hood is doing all right we're going to
go to our poll real quick and then also
we'll get to some questions and also
take a look at some charts here what do
we have on the poll what happens first
Bitcoin 74k Bitcoin 56 or GameStop hits
all time
guys all right GameStop is apparently
royan KY has gone out Roan Kitty has
gone out with a whimper uh as a kitten
we'll see how that goes but Bitcoin
everybody likes that 74k range uh going
on for sure where is Bitcoin right now
let's take a look let me go back over
here into the daily and jump over here
to bitcoin uh man this thing is
continuing to move at 65 it I mean it
clipped that 66 this could be that range
that uh might be running here for sure a
couple of questions coming in have a
feeling that xrp news is uh this summer
is going to be uh is going to send the
market rocking well there's a lot
happening remember xrp has their big
event in Amsterdam they're going to
launch a stable coin there's a lot yeah
there's a lot and they could also unveil
some pretty big things that they're
underway with and also don't forget it
we're going to find out what the actual
fine is which in itself I think would be
a win too so lot happening
uh link is pumping hard and we just got
some news on link and of course this was
on a test that was be done being done
with JP Morgan which of course was tied
to eth but link of course is
representing a little bit of a move on
that right now on the daily up about
almost 9% so not bad I know some of the
crypto pit jumped into this uh a little
bit ago because of that news a couple
other things uh Paul is pith Dead uh so
we have been in and out of pith and if
you look at pith in general I think
we've got it in the
MSI and uh yeah it's in there right here
on the yeah so in and out this is on the
daily I mean you've got that run up is
it going to recorrect this is a position
right now the daily that would be a
little bit tight to get into probably
need some longer term on this but this
is not something I'm in right now so
breaking out all-time high soon that
would be something right now cuz Sol is
pretty strong at almost 160 it is
breaking out so you think when you say
alltime High I'm assuming you mean the
local high coming back into that 200
range or if you go back I'm on the
weekly yeah so let's go into the
weekly yeah because all-time high on
salana even if you go to the really edge
of it we were at about 259 260 City Bank
is going to be the next Council whoa
whoa whoa is that right Jeff is that
real City Bank next council member for H
bar that would be
huge we got to check that I don't know
if that's true so don't don't anybody
jump on that I don't know if the news
came out on that it was something our
guys didn't get so we'll take a look at
that for sure uh Matt Johnson says I get
the feeling that eth is uh dead or I'm
just being played to think it is you
know we have two divided camps in the
crypto pit we have the camp that is on
your side they they're making you think
it's dead so that everybody can pump
into it and here comes Wall Street and
all that you know and of course
tokenized assets and real world assets
all that playing into it if you really
look at the under you know under the
hood think of it where the internet
would be without tcpip think about the
internet and that's kind of where
ethereum could be right now so it's
still very early Fox Moulder says proy
is awesome well you're going to love the
CEO interview that we've got coming up
you're don't miss it meme coins are the
best bet right now a lot of memes
pumping man we've been just absolutely
railing on Meme coins here recently way
to go Ando uh we got guys that like that
in the crypto pit for sure uh mythical
games NFL Rivals uh don't know about
that one I haven't looked at NFL Rivals
recently we probably should do an update
on that I'm buying
Doge I like that let's take a look at
Doge Doge sets into our big bag it's
moving let's go on The
Daily and take a look at where do is
holding on The Daily I mean you know
really not a bad position if you think
all the way back here after that little
run from what was around 8 cents which
is really really was where it had
Consolidated for quite a while and then
popped up in there so interesting time
right now for Doge let me know if you
guys are getting more of that right now
it's holding at 15 so interesting hey
thanks for the Super Chat Adam uh what
is he saying here uh Bitcoin is forming
an inverse Head and Shoulder on the 4H
hour and if that happens it will form a
cup and handle since uh no we haven't
formed a couple handle since 2021 on on
the on the one day yeah interesting I
have to look at the chart we we'll play
it out for you guys um but I mean we do
like Bitcoin right now if you look at it
it's still looking very strong
especially if you start to compare it to
some other charts out there so
definitely a big one but is it really
going to be a I understand the safeness
of it that people will look at and say
hey ETFs are holding this and it's the
thing I want to be in but if you're
really looking for gains then you have
to look at you know some of the Blue
Chips the blue chips are most likely and
what Blue Chips is probably going to be
the biggest for you depending on what
you like could be some people would
still say cardano's in that hunt you
could still look at Avalanche which is
been really underperforming a little bit
here and it's you know if you go back in
here couple of big pumps that were look
at the numbers right here let's go down
to this dip somebody rode that 100% rise
and maybe there's some swing trades out
there and that's about where we are
right now after it hit 31 it of course
we took a sharp uh increase over the
last couple of days but Avalanche could
be a in an interesting spot right here
you know if you didn't dollar cost
average remember this thing hit almost
62 bucks uh on that high so not bad at
all listen if you're not part of the
diamond circle make sure and get in uh
we will be here with you throughout this
bull cycle we are going to see some
amazing things I I think really reveal
itself this is the season of reveal
around a lot of things both politically
what's going to happen in DC what's
going to happen with a lot of this new
uh I think technology especially as we
start to ramp forward so this is a
channel to be with hit subscribe right
now before you leave make sure and get
in on the diamond Circle catch me out
there on X Paul Baron we'll catch you
next time right here on Tech paath
[Music]
