one of my favorite crypto posts on X in
the last couple of days or so Bitcoin
entering belief what he did was he took
this psychology of Market cycle and he
and he basically put it on bitcoin chart
and it is insane it's insane and I'm
excited to do this video because I I I
come at these charts and these markets
because this this is the road map right
here this is a Bitcoin chart but this is
all of crypto so even if you don't hold
Bitcoin what I'm about to talk about in
this video is important but this chart
the zoomed out I come at it from all
these different data points all these
different perspectives and in my mind
especially because I've I've been in
crypto for a while now in my mind I'm
like I really the data is all coming
together this post and overlaying the
psychology of Market cycle on top of
this Bitcoin chart and I don't think
I've ever done this in this manner and
I'm that's why I'm excited to do this
video it makes things incredibly clear
so hit the Subscribe hit the like let's
jump into the video I want to break down
this is this is the Bitcoin chart I'm
always breaking down right I'm always
talking about different data points we
have our Fibonacci bull market high back
here in 2021 to a bare Market low this
is one piece of data foundational to to
my take on the cycles of crypto and
again we're going to talk about altcoin
season in just a minute and how this
plays into and why I'm telling you I
truly don't think altcoin season has
even started right we could be months
away actually but I want to take this
data and show you how this overlays with
that but just check it out we have the
bull market door doors that we've just
been tracking and we we have this
rectangle right there Bitcoin entering
that bull market doors it's the
beginning of the bull cycle for me from
a data data perspective a lot of people
are saying this swing high is a triple
top and it's the end of the bull I'm I'm
in a different spot right I'm I'm Al
likening it to back here these are the
bull market doors of last cycle you all
know I talk about that data a lot I talk
about momentum a lot and all of our
oscillators and what's going on now to
just on the same chart let's dissect the
psychology of Market Cycles this is what
it looks like and really it's just it's
it's very simple and if you look back on
even especially crypto cycles and
Bitcoin chart it's crazy how just
consistent this is and this is the
psychology think about this this is the
psychology of crypto this is a
psychology this means this is people
human beings with this repetitive kind
of mindset repetitive
action look at this hope optimism
belief right here belief he's saying on
his chart and I'm I'm props to who
whoever this is I don't think I've seen
his post before or his account before
but props for posting this but he's
saying we're entering belief we're just
about to enter belief when we go to a
Bitcoin chart right or I'm sorry we go
to the psychology of Market cycle
there's still a lot of upside didn't
play but now is the time to pay
attention and altcoin holders this is
incredibly important to you we go to the
Bitcoin chart my Bitcoin chart I
basically took exactly what he did so
this isn't me just saying let me do this
I I literally had his post up and I put
these points where they where he has
them it makes complete sense but I what
I did was I went a step further and I
actually charted last cycle and this is
for me really exciting because this
really brings all of my cycle data
together in a really cool way that I
don't I'm I've ever done so he's saying
we're about to enter belief right
optimism is kind of where we are and the
first thing one of the first things that
came to my mind for me
was if you watch my analysis you know I
have kind of two pivot Points into the
bull and a lot of people do especially
this one the Bitcoin having that is a
huge marker for the beginning of a cycle
a bullish cycle if you zoom out on a
Bitcoin chart it's not rocket science
every time time so far after Bitcoin
having these lines these horizontal
lines or vertical
lines every single time Bitcoin has
pumped right so that's not that's not
new that's not like some unique data
point and then it's the bull market
doors that Fibonacci that I talked about
that's a really big one for me I tracked
that like crazy over the years and we
just broke that and what I noticed one
of the first things I noticed was
optimism he has optimism and it makes
sense when you look at the psych ology
of a market cycle optimism just kind of
hits in terms of psychology and a couple
points to that number one before we even
just compare to previous Cycles on the
chart in my mind and I bet you if a lot
of you have been in crypto anybody
that's been in crypto for years now you
know exactly what I'm about to say in my
mind this makes this is exactly where I
think we are I get a lot of posts man
triple top oh man like it's over the
bullon is O over I do see a lot of
comments and and just narratives about
that right now I think people that are
posting that have not really been in
crypto that long they're not seeing the
the the longer term macro view of crypto
and they're not understanding historical
data in the space and right now it truly
doesn't seem at all and tell me if you
disagree not even close to Euphoria I
don't know if you were here in last
cycle at that Euphoria euphoric moment
or even the cycle before Euphoria at the
top of 2017 nowhere near
that optimism though almost identical
almost identical not just from this the
standpoint of I'm I'm a content creator
in crypto I see comments I see
narratives I see sentiment I see it all
optimism seems like the right fit we
just were in hope hope phase right just
kind of exiting we hadn't broken even
this lower high in the bare Market
haven't like we were just getting ready
to break that right right here and this
this makes sense to me but from a data
perspective if you look at optimism so
interesting if we go to last cycle
around this moment that is to say after
Bitcoin having now and just breaking
bull market doors here's the bull market
doors last cycle what was happening on
the chart optimism and what did we still
have left we had belief thrill and
euphoria and what is what is happening
around optimism Bitcoin hanging out at
previous all-time high probably the same
exact thing people saying it's a double
top for Bitcoin it's over we're going
down uhoh especially you see those two
weeks of red in there I'm sure people
were freaking out about a double top but
it was
optimism now we can go back and we can
go back even a the cycle before and this
is kind of where I I stopped it but you
can actually see we could have probably
I could have taken the time just to to
put this a ology of Market cycle on on
that cycle as well but I stopped at
optimism but it was the same thing
optimism phase in that bull market 2016
into 2017 Bitcoin had just broken these
bull market doors optimism was kicking
in and what was it it was a double top
type of situation potentially and look
at this dip I'm sure so much fear about
the double top it's over for Bitcoin and
the thing is everybody it was just
beginning I I use that a lot like it's
just beginning this this this bull cycle
is just beginning it's so click ba I
realize that but I truly don't I don't
know any other words and I have to I
have to like work with that a little bit
I have to find new ways to say it's just
getting started because that's truly
where I think we are from this data
driven perspective and the fact that we
have the psychology of that on top of
this chart now I just think it does
something cool I I really need to save
this chart and revisit it because it
does give that added flavor to the Chart
especially if you've been in crypto over
the years now and you know exactly what
I'm saying just from like a sentiment
you have your finger on that pulse of
these cycles and and anything can happen
it doesn't have to repeat things might
fall apart crypto could fail I will
always say that none of us know what's
going to happen maybe it's going to be a
triple top but if if your finger is on
the pulse of these cycles and if you've
been in this in this space over the
years get exactly what I'm saying right
now I know there's so many people out
there probably won't be commenting but I
know you know what I'm saying you're
picking up what I'm putting down
optimism this is where we are and I've
been saying this is where we are bull
market door territory just got broke
testing previous all-time high they're
still a lot in store that was the cycle
a couple Cycles ago Cycles ago it was
the cycle last time bull market doors
optimism testing the the recent all-time
high still a lot to go here we are right
now bull market doors just
broken and Bitcoin testing alltime high
from last cycle and guess
what I think there is still more to go
in this cycle and how this plays into
all coins I said I get to all coins
here's what's really
cool we take what we're just like all
this content that I'm talking about
right now the context of the Bitcoin
cycles and crypto cycle in general the
bull market that could be getting ready
to happen the crazy parabolic bull that
is to say we're entering belief and then
we have thrill and Euphoria right so we
have something special coming I cover
the Bitcoin dominance chart a lot if you
want to get a sense of how to spot
Euphoria the Bitcoin dominance chart
this might be our ticket during the bull
market parabolic Euphoria moment when we
start seeing the Bitcoin dominance chart
falling and I've been saying time and
time again allcoin season I think is
more over here maybe slightly closer
like we could be very close to allcoin
season because all this bullish move
that is happening for Bitcoin right now
meaning the optimism it's happening
earlier this cycle that is for sure you
can notice where it happened last cycle
post Bitcoin having optimism basically
happening before Bitcoin having for the
first time so if we want to get a sense
of altcoin season as it relates to
Euphoria and maybe the end of a bull
cycle the Bitcoin dominance chart is is
I think going to be such a helpful thing
to look at you'll see altcoins going
crazy and you'll notice man everything's
been outperforming Bitcoin for some time
now weeks months maybe and you'll see
this just falling and I don't know when
it will happen maybe Bitcoin needs to
make this this higher low right or I'm
sorry this lower high right here it's a
Fibonacci lower high maybe Bitcoin needs
to keep going up in dominance before it
starts to begin but when this starts
happening that's when it's time to pay
attention that's when it's time to if
you have if you have Pro profit taking
areas and if you want to focus on profit
taking in the bull market you better
start focusing this will really I think
illustrate the Euphoria getting getting
ready to happen this will be the belief
if we go look at the psychology chart
the belief the thrill and the Euphoria
face that will be altcoin season if we
look at the Bitcoin dominance chart when
was Euphoria happening on the on the
Bitcoin chart it was here right here
that's May 2021 if we go to the Bitcoin
chart check it
out April May May 2021 this was right
here the end of Bitcoin dominance that
was the top of the bull market right
like that was Euphoria obviously we had
this double top back there but that
Euphoria moment then you go back here
this was December 2017 area we look at
this check it out January 2018 December
2017 that was it Bitcoin dominance
bottoming out is the the signal for
Euphoria I think we have some time I
really do I I I that's just me I could
be completely wrong I realize that I
just think if you're an altcoin holder
Bitcoin holder I think there's I think
there's a lot left in play and there's a
there's a lot of bull market left and
right now I'm I'm watching this Bitcoin
dominance chart I'm watching the zoomed
out Bitcoin chart it is fun to watch and
I'm really focusing on the sentiment I'm
really trying to identify well what is
it what is going on and I can tell you
one thing I do not think we are in
euphoria I've not seen that at all I I
really haven't um if I really think
about it and I think about all the
comments I think optimism
is hardly something I've seen compared
to at least this moment last cycle
people have been very negative this
cycle around uh and that could just be a
macroeconomic thing and and that is
something we need to to take into
account but all these things said
everybody really cool different take on
the chart this is a really nice picture
of why I'm so bullish it gives another
another kind of perspective of that
shout out to uh mags over here on X for
posting this because this has been
really valuable to me to kind of get
that illustration and plot it on my own
chart here
so hit hit the Subscribe let me know in
the comments do you like where do you
think we are on this on this psychology
chart optimism thrill belief Euphoria I
really am curious what what what you all
think and if you enjoyed this video
please hit that like button I will see
you in the next video God bless
