what I think is going to be the big
catalyst is now we're bumping up against
that period where the institutions that
have bought the ETFs they have to
publicly disclose that what it means is
oh look at all of these institutions and
these professional investors that have
bought this thing I better do my work on
this because now I'm getting behind so
that risk of buying it has flipped to
the risk of not buying
it last weekend you were in Las Vegas at
the micro strategy Bitcoin for
corporations it looked like a great time
so uh do you have any takeaways for like
what you any good conversations you saw
any good uh presentations you saw that
you kind of walked away from and said
wow this is really exciting yeah I mean
uh well Michael's presentation on why
Bitcoin is always a uh it's it's a great
40 minutes or whatever and yeah he he
always brings up some some extremely
important points of of of from any angle
you look at it why Bitcoin is so
important uh and why it's such an
important not just technology but
investment and asset class going forward
and uh and ways that we can build on
that and but the conference was I mean
it was fantastic uh it wasn't just the
Bitcoin conference it was it was
actually the micro strategy conference
and we saw a bunch of salespeople bunch
of of clients there a bunch of mro micro
strategy clients and uh you know it's
interesting to see that crossover and
some of his employees coming over some
of the clients coming over like guys
from sap or whatever and they're really
interested in what we're what we're
studying and what we're working on and
why Bitcoin is so important and uh and
so seeing that broaden out and having
them understand why it's um how it's
becoming adopted institutionally is is
is an important thing you're starting to
hear people uh accept that this is not
going away this is real it has
underlying value it uh it it it's being
adopted and and it's starting to be
understood a little bit better we have a
long way to go as you and I both know we
fight that battle every day but uh it's
encouraging so yeah was kind of one of
the biggest difference between this year
and maybe the years prior was just some
of the the people from the institutions
that were there like the the fidelities
as well as City I think I saw somebody
from City there um I think a lot of like
the ETF issuers were kind of prominent
uh speaking on stage and so you come
from the world of Wall Street I mean
what is some of your conversations like
now with the approval of these ETFs has
the sentiment shifted in your
conversations just you know behind
closed doors do people like agree that
hey this thing's not going away or has
the conversation shifted to more
sophisticated questions about this like
new asset class let's say uh I think it
has shifted and and the way it shifted
Sam is that uh it it the conversation's
gone from the the hard line from most of
the Wall Street institutional investors
that oh Bitcoin doesn't have any
underlying value to oh this is
interesting and I can see why it's
something interesting to trade and so
they're dipping their toe in it but
what's important about that is not that
they understand it yet because by and
large the people I talk to on Wall
Street still don't understand it fully
and that's okay took me a long time too
there's a lot of mental resistance there
when you're part of a um a system that
benefits you so well that you're looking
at something that's completely different
it's very difficult to get your head
around um but that said what's happening
and it's slow the institutional adoption
is happening and you can see it in the
ETFs the ETFs make it super simple to to
buy these things and to buy Bitcoin
because prior to this you really
couldn't if you were an institution it
was very difficult to buy Bitcoin and
the reason for that is just it was
operational difficulties it was career
risk you know it was personal risk for
people for investors and in portfolio
managers to stick their head out stick
their neck out and say I'll buy some of
this I'll take the risk and I'll I will
uh I'll hold the keys or what you it was
very difficult for them and then you'd
have to have a lot of approvals
internally to get to the point where you
could actually do that whereas now with
the ETFs it makes it very simple you can
you can buy it with the same uh broker
on the same Exchange that you normally
do that's regulated it's not an
unregulated exchange you can settle it
with the same Prime broker as you always
do you don't have to have a different
Prime broker you have a custody with
that Prime broker and you DTC it so it's
all settled and and held and uh in the
same way as a regular uh investment and
it's marked the same way on the New York
Stock Exchange time it's you know so it
these questions are all settled they're
answered and it makes it super simple
you just buy it just like any other
stock they there's no margin on them
right now as we've come to learn but
it's the same exact thing so it's kind
of that that risk of of sticking your
neck out and buying it early is Shifting
now and so what you're seeing is you're
seeing people say wait what about this
thing and it's forcing them to do a
little bit of work on it and it's very
easy for them to just go and get a small
position and we call that legging in uh
you leg into the trade you get a small
position and it forces you you say well
it's in my portfolio now every day you
pull up your portfolio it's right there
it's staring you in the face you don't
have a choice but you've got to you've
got to look at it and say do I want to
add to this or take it off because right
now it's just an annoyance it's a half a
percent position I got to do something
with it and so that's kind of where
we're at where you've got a few
institutions a lot of hedge hedge funds
are trading in you've got a few
institutions that are starting to get in
there but really Sam what I think is
going to be the big catalyst is now
we're bumping up against that period
where these the institutions that have
bought the ETFs they have to publicly
disclose that and we're going to start
seeing some institutions publicly
disclose it and it's not BEC and when
they disclose it that's not going to be
like oh wow look you know um the
Cleveland fireman fund owns some Bitcoin
that's what what it means is oh look at
all of these institutions and and these
U professional investors that have
bought this thing it's kind of turning
where I better do my work on this
because now I'm getting behind they all
own this thing I don't even know what it
is it's so that that risk of of buying
it has flipped to the risk of not buying
it we're still we're still in the stage
as you know that people consider this
thing and in Wall Street and and
typically Across the Nation they they
consider this thing a a risk on asset
and that's it's going to take a while to
change that but this is the beginning of
that and that's and that's what's really
important about it yeah you're see
starting to see those like um filing
start to trickle in and there's a big
one just uh they start to get a little
bit bigger and bigger it seems we just
had um was it sasana that I pronounce it
$438 billion doll
manager explode over a billion dollar
ETF position there and uh you start to
see like smaller ones but you're
starting to see bigger ones and I think
it's going to just continue to gain
momentum and we're going to continue to
see it
[Music]
