today for the Bitcoin price and yes guys
Bitcoin is going crazy right now Bitcoin
is actually breaking and everyone is
asking is this another fake out or are
we going to reach price levels which I
am going to mention towards the end of
that video which I will actually take
into consideration for my current
multi-million US dollar trade on bitcoin
and ethereum which I want to display to
you here today as well if you are
following me over on Instagram and over
on on Twitter you have seen that
literally and this is something you just
can't make up fact check it yourself a
few minutes before the pump I was
posting the following let me quickly go
into it here and let me here like 4
hours ago go to Twitter see exactly the
minute when I posted it and what
happened afterwards BTC inverse Head and
Shoulders looming at 62,400
and this is the daily chart right so I
basically just added all over on Twitter
I added some information the price
Target and I also added that we actually
have to break this pattern within that
week that it happens a few minutes
afterwards is of course something I
welcome but it is pretty crazy and kind
of surprising now the question is what
is the price Target and are we actually
going to reach that price Target well if
we are having a quick view before I go
into the charts on bitcoin you can see
yes my Bitcoin trade is $6.4 million in
a profit the taken profits are $800,000
so $72 million plus $670,000 so round
about like $8 million in a profit which
I already took profits and I already
paid one I think like a million Us in
funding fees to be honest so net profit
like $8 million us already including the
funding fees now the question is are we
going to reach that Target well here you
can see at least this Inver Head and
Shoulders pattern broke you can see and
going down to the 4 hourly you can see
it broke pretty with like some good move
here higher like it was a pretty good
move on the 4 hourly candle a $3,000
move is definitely something we want to
take into consideration looking at the
volume you can see yes the volume is
also kind of significant so what do we
need now basically high volume already
confirms the Breakout if you want to go
very very sure you want to see a
breakdown and the the confirmation of
the previous reg resistance which is now
turning into support if that's happening
that's basically the nail in the coffin
for the Bitcoin bears and that is
something where you can say okay with a
very high degree of certainty we are
going to complete the pattern we are
going to reach the price Target if you
are a little bit more risky you could
have entered actually at my call at uh
73,000 I think was the Breakout with the
volume support but that is more risky so
now keeping that in mind yes I am still
in my trade where is my next profit
taking area also crazy here below my
tweet so many people who are happy this
was beautiful for you uh bro who
followed you one very happy if my
followers are winning very happy if the
people who are following me on Twitter
on YouTube are actually gaining from it
let's go the realest I know it's your
fault someone literally saying it's my
fault that we broke out uh true breakout
uh this guy the profit of crypto
definitely not a profit no far away I'm
a person a human with a lot of mistakes
and it's not the right word or F phrase
to use here but I definitely appreciate
your kind intention so thank you for all
your comments my next potential profit
taking area is of course at the Target
and the target of that breakout if you
trade the pattern would be pretty much
exactly at $772,000 us please do keep in
mind that I think around we have this
bull flag around
$68,000 there is another bull flag price
Target like a resistance of the bull
flag the price target of the pattern is
72,000 of course if you missed out on
the breakout and you already missed out
on opportunity of this 2,000 US dollar
pump since the break to the time of
recording here it is a decision you have
to make for yourself definitely a good
scenario we are breaking the pattern we
have volatility we have volume behind it
is just just not a certainty yet that
this is not a fake out however this is
certainly something isolated to look at
which we could call or which I call
bullish that is my two cents for that I
will leave you if you want to be trading
as well link to buybit the platform
where I'm having this trade here as well
where you can basically after your
deposit I think get a $30,000 free bonus
click register deposit and um yeah you
can trade yourself thank you so much for
watching as always Smash Up the like
button to new all time high and we will
see each other very soon at the next one
of mm Krypton as always guys as always
bye bye
