welcome back to the crypto channel of
your own my name is Josh and right now
Bitcoin is potentially breaking out
Above This critical resistance getting
ready for the next major move towards
the upside while a new warning signal is
still flashing in the short term that we
need to pay attention to so in just a
moment I'll be talking about my trading
strategy alongside ethereum getting
closer towards potentially a major
breakout while salana is already
breaking out further to the upside from
this bullish pattern so I'll be talking
about all of that and more later in the
video so definitely watch to the
end first of all taking a look at the
3-day Bitcoin chart and right now the
price of Bitcoin is still looking very
bullish on the larger time frames
because at least as of right now despite
the short-term pullbacks along the way
we are still seeing higher lows and
higher highs in the price of Bitcoin on
the larger time frames also known as a
bullish Trend or bull market if we're
talking about the larger time frames and
also as I've been saying B basically
every day over the last couple of weeks
or so we do have a hidden bullish
Divergence here on the 3-day Bitcoin
chart with higher lows in the price of
Bitcoin and lower lows in the 3-day
Bitcoin RSI and a hidden bullish
Divergence tells us that we're likely
going to continue the bullish Trend with
another leg to the upside in the coming
months and so once again that's
basically the exact same thing I've been
saying every day over the last couple of
weeks I have not changed once on the
large time frames here but as always in
case you're new to this channel it's
important to understand the difference
between the different time frames so if
we're talking about the shortterm like
the 4H hour chart for example that can
flip between bullish and bearish
basically every single day because it's
the shortterm it's talking about the
smaller time frames but once again when
we're zooming out on the larger time
frames these larger time frames don't
change very often which is why I've been
saying basically the exact same thing on
the larger time frames over the last few
weeks and really over the last year or
so and if we're taking a look at this
daily Bitcoin chart as of right now the
dxy is still in this bearish move still
in this pullback which is bullish for
Bitcoin because as we can see here time
and time again when the dxy is bearish
that is usually very bullish for Bitcoin
and crypto especially when we're talking
about the larger moves in the price and
so once again this is not talking about
the short-term day-to-day moves because
in the shortterm we can see bearish and
bullish price action basically every
single day but when we're zooming out
looking at the bigger picture we are in
the beginning stages of the next major
move to the upside similar to what we
saw back here for example or back here
for example once again as I've been
saying basically every day since all the
way back down here below $60,000 I've
been saying this exact same thing on
this chart right here and so since my
last video The Daily Bitcoin chart has
not really changed as well as this daily
Bitcoin chart because as of right now
the daily Bitcoin RSI is still looking
very bullish once again as I've been
saying every day over the last couple of
weeks because as soon as we started to
see this breakout in the daily Bitcoin
RSI and then especially as we started to
form higher lows and higher highs in the
daily Bitcoin RSI when I was sharing
that signal around 2 weeks ago on the
channel obviously I was comparing this
signal to previous times we've seen that
same breakout in the daily Bitcoin RSI
and these previously have occurred right
at the beginning stages of the next
major bullish move that played out over
the next few months and so once again
nothing has changed over the last couple
of weeks as I've been saying every day
I'm still very very bullish on the price
of Bitcoin when we're talking about the
larger moves on the chart but once again
in case you're new to all of this the
larger bullish moves can contain
short-term bearish price action here and
there and so just because we see a
short-term pullback or just because I
may be bearish on say the 1 hour chart
for one video that does not necessarily
invalidate the larger signals that we're
seeing on the larger time frames and if
we're taking a look at this daily
Bitcoin chart once again as I've been
saying since all the way back down here
at around 63,000 we've already seen the
confirmed breakout for this bullish
falling wedge pattern and so technically
the moment we confirmed this breakout to
the upside that set up a bullish price
Target in between around 72 to 74,000
which is still currently that active
price Target but obviously just in the
shorter term here we did run into a bit
of short-term resistance around 67 to
68,000 which we perfectly experienced a
bit of a rejection from basically the
price struggled around that area for a
few days as expected but once again that
was just a bit of shortterm resistance
during this larger bullish move that we
are seeing playing out on the larger
time frames and so now that we're
potentially breaking out Above This
resistance which technically still needs
to be confirmed with this daily candle
close confirming above 68,000 which at
least as of right now has not yet
happened but if we do end up seeing this
daily candle close actually confirm
Above This resistance then in that case
this area of resistance should become
new support in case we saw any further
pullbacks and of course the next
significant resistance to the upside on
The Daily time frame is basically these
highs right here first of all we could
find a little bit of resistance closer
towards 71,000 but the main area of
resistance is in between around 72 to
74,000 and so basically once we see
those extra confirmation signals
confirming this breakout above 67 to
68,000 like a daily candle close or a
possible retest of that area basically
once we further confirm this breakout we
can potentially quickly expect a move up
towards these local highs and one of the
reasons why we've just seen a lot of
bullish price action right here is
because a lot of short positions are
getting liquidated right here which I'll
talk about in just a moment but first
zooming into the 4-Hour Bitcoin chart
and since my last video this previous
bearish Divergence right here did
actually invalidate because since my
last video we've seen a breakout here in
the RSI Above This previous descending
line of resistance in the RSI but as of
right now we are potentially seeing a
new bearish diverence form because at
least as of right now the price of
Bitcoin is still forming higher highs
here in the short term on the 4H hour
time frame while the RSI at least as of
right now is still forming lower Highs
but it's important to understand that
this potential new bearish Divergence
that's forming right here is not yet
confirmed because at least as of right
now this latest high in the RSI is not
yet confirmed in place because the RSI
by default goes off candle closes which
basically means if the price of Bitcoin
continues this short-term pump basically
breaking out further above this area of
resistance then basically as the price
of Bitcoin pumps further to the upside
that can drag the RSI further to the
upside and if the RSI breaks out Above
This previous High to create a new
higher high in the RSI then there's no
bearish Divergence at all and so what we
need to see is some sort of rejection
some sort of short-term pullback at
least in the basically being confirmed
with one to two red candle closes in the
price and so once again we did
invalidate the previous bearish
Divergence but we're potentially forming
a new bearish Divergence on the 4-Hour
time frame which is not yet confirmed
but either way even if this new bearish
Divergence actually confirms on the
4-Hour time frame even if it confirms it
would likely just play out in the form
of some choppy sideways price action or
possibly a slight pullback kind of like
what we saw just here just in the short
term because remember this is only
looking at the 4-Hour time frame it is
zoomed into the short term and so that's
why I have to say it is important to
understand the difference between the
different time frames just because we
have a bearish Divergence on the short
term that does not necessarily mean the
larger bullish move is cancelled because
once again these larger bullish moves on
the larger time frames can contain some
short-term pullbacks here and there but
don't be fooled by the short-term
pullbacks because on the larger time
frames we are still currently looking
very bullish and so that's why when it
comes to my Bitcoin trading strategy
right now as I've been saying every day
over the last few weeks I am only
looking for long positions because I'm
very bullish on the price of Bitcoin
especially on the larger time frames and
so as of right now I'm still in that
Bitcoin long position that I've been
sharing here on the channel but just
recently just before I started recording
this video I did actually take a little
bit more profits off the table for this
long position so in my last video this
was a 220k Bitcoin long position but as
you can see here on the Le hand side
this is now a $200,000 Bitcoin long
position and so as of right now this
long position that I've been talking
about over the last last couple of weeks
is currently around $330,000 in
unrealized profits and I've already
secured over $133,000 in realized
profits and also my stop loss for this
long position is already well into
profits which means in the worst case
scenario if we were to just dump right
now which I don't exactly expect but if
that actually happens then once again
even in that worst case scenario I've
already taken some profits of the table
and my stop loss is in profits which
would close the rest of the trade in
profits in that worst case scenario but
obviously as you can see here I'm still
very much long on the price of Bitcoin
I'm still bullish especially on the
larger time frames which is why I still
have a lot of this long position open
and because this is an inverse Perpetual
trade even if I close the trade or take
profits from the trade the profits are
paid out in Bitcoin which basically
means even if I close the trade or take
some profits off the table because it's
paid out in Bitcoin if the price keeps
bumping after I've already taken some
profits from the trade I also continue
to benefit because the profits are being
paid out in Bitcoin and I'm holding more
Bitcoin and also if we end up seeing any
decent sized pullbacks along the way up
I will potentially look to add to this
long position on any decent Siz
pullbacks like what I did back here and
as I shared here on the channel when the
price pulled back to around $60,000 give
or take right around there I did indeed
add to this long position which I shared
here on the channel very transparently
and so if you're new to the channel and
you missed this trading opportunity make
sure you subscribe to this Channel with
notifications turn on so that you don't
miss out on any of these important
update videos where I actually share
these trading opportunities where you
could potentially make a lot of easy
money and if you want to actually take
these trades for yourself then
personally I'm taking this trade right
here over on buybit so I'll make sure to
leave a link to buybit in the
description down below and in the pinned
comment and if you use that link down
below this video to make a buyit account
and deposit on that account then you can
get up to a $30,000 deposit bonus but
only if you use that link down below
this video and also if you use that link
it'll take you to this page right here
where you can claim an exclusive 200 USD
airdrop position just by making a buybit
account using that link making a deposit
and claiming the airdrop and so if
you're going to be trading crypto anyway
you might as well check this out once
again first link down below this video
but for whatever reason if you cannot
access bybit or if you cannot kyc on
bybit there is also bitflex which is
another crypto exchange similar to to
buy a bit but you don't need kyc for
bitflex so I will also make sure to
leave a link to bitflex down below this
video as an alternative crypto exchange
and if we're taking a quick look at the
Bitcoin liquidation hit map we can see
just now the price of Bitcoin has been
liquidating billions of dollars of short
positions and so in other words just now
the Bitcoin Bears the people that are
betting against the price of Bitcoin
going in the bullish direction are right
now getting completely destroyed we are
seeing a lot of short positions getting
completely wiped out and I've been
warning about this for a while now on
the channel in fact since the price was
below $660,000 closer towards these
local lows right here I was talking
about how we have billions of dollars of
liquidity to the upside and how the
price of Bitcoin is most likely going to
go towards those levels to liquidate all
of those short positions and so when I
was flipping bullish below $60,000 right
down here entering into my Bitcoin long
position which I was sharing here on the
channel I was getting a lot of comments
telling me how I'm going to be so wrong
and how I'm going to get completely
destroyed on my long position but
obviously you can see how the long
position is going right now and you can
see billions of dollars of short
positions are now getting completely
destroyed and so as always do not be
fooled by shortterm movements in the
price which can happen once again we can
see short-term pullbacks from time to
time but don't be fooled because on the
larger time frames we're seeing multiple
bullish signals playing out right now
and if we're taking a look at ethereum
on the weekly time frame right now we
are continuing to see the Bounce from
this Fibonacci level of support which
was sitting at around 2870 approximately
and in terms of the larger Trend at play
at least for now the price of eth is
still forming significant higher lows
and higher highs which by definition is
a bullish Trend here on the larger time
frames also known as a bull market and
if we taking a look at the daily eth to
US dollar chart right now the price of
eth is getting very close to potentially
breaking out from this bullish falling
wedge which this line of resistance is
sitting at around 3.2k approximately and
this line of support by the way is
sitting at around
2840 and once again right now we're
getting very close to seeing a potential
breakout Above This resistance but as
I've been saying recently here on the
channel ideally in order to become more
confident that we're actually flipping
bullish again out of this short-term
bearish Trend into a new short-term
bullish trend for the price of eth on
The Daily time frame we ideally need to
confirm a breakout Above This previous
High which if we're looking at the
candle closes on The Daily time frame
that's sitting at around 3270 or if
we're looking at the actual candle wick
high that is sitting at around
3350 and so once again in order to
become much more bullish again on the
price of eth in terms of the trend on
The Daily time frame we ideally need to
break out above those levels right there
and once we actually see that happen in
the price of eth once we confirm a
breakout Above This previous High then
we can start targeting higher levels
like for example these Highs at around
3.7k and the complete technical price
target for the falling wedge which would
be sitting at around
4070 and if we're zooming into just this
area on the chart taking a look at the 8
hour time frame at least for now the
price of eth is potentially still just
in this choppy sideways price range
because right now the price is still in
between this area of support and this
area of resistance first of all this
area of support is still sitting in
between 2850 to 2950 and this area of
resistance is still sitting in between
3.2k to 3250 with more resistance once
again at around
3350 and so once again this is why we
ideally need to break out Above This
previous high right here in order to
become more confident that we're
actually reversing back into the bullish
Direction here in the short term and not
still just in this choppy sideways price
range that we've been in over the last
month or so but even if we stay in this
choppy sideways price range believe it
or not you can make a lot of easy
profits in choppy sideways price action
just like this and if you want to know
how to do that then stick around to the
end of this video to find out more but
first taking a quick look at the 4-Hour
time frame and right now we are
potentially on the edge of seeing this
previous bearish Divergence actually
invalidate because right now the 4-Hour
ethereum RSI is getting very close to
potentially breaking out Above This
descending line of resistance and if we
see this breakout in the RSI then that
would invalidate this previous
short-term bearish Divergence which did
already play out here in the short term
with a short-term pullback and a bit of
choppy sideways price action and also
similar to bitcoin on the 4-Hour time
frame if we actually break out Above
This previous high right here and form a
new higher high in the price while the
RSI is still actually forming lower
highs then there's the potential that we
could be forming a new bearish
Divergence on this chart but once again
as of right now we haven't even
invalidated the the old bearish
Divergence at least for now and if we're
taking a quick look at the price of
salana on the 12-hour time frame
obviously since my last video we
successfully retested this area on the
chart which is now acting as new support
once again as we've seen previously on
the chart and so once again as I
mentioned in my last video that area of
support is still sitting in between 167
to 172 and as for resistance we should
expect some resistance at around 182 to
185 and that's mainly based on previous
highs and we also have more resistance
in between $200 to
$210 and as of right now we still have
an active bullish price Target playing
out which I've been talking about
basically every day since the breakout
above 160 and of course that is the
bullish price target for this bullish
inverse Head and Shoulders pattern that
I've been talking about here on the
channel once again that price Target is
sitting at around $28 to
$29 and so from the point point of the
breakout if you took this trade right
here to where we are right now we're
already up around 133% with no leverage
or to the complete technical price
Target that's around a 30% move to the
upside with no leverage or even from
where we are right now as I've recorded
in this video to that technical price
Target that's still potentially around a
15% move to the upside still to go and
so just for example as always this is
not for natur to advice but just for an
example if you had a 10x leverage long
position with a 15% move still to go a
10x leverage long position would mean a
150% profit more than doubling your
initial money but of course between now
and that price Target we do have these
areas of resistance where the price
could potentially struggle at or
experience rejections from and as I've
also mentioned recently here on the
channel due to my personal situation
already being very much long on the
price of Bitcoin and because the crypto
market usually moves together just
because of that because of my situation
once once again I'm not actually taking
this salana long position right here
which I've been sharing here on the
channel as a trading opportunity that we
could take but once again because I'm
already long on bitcoin I'm not longing
this move for the price of salana
because if salana is bullish usually
Bitcoin is also going to be bullish
which in that case i' benefit from my
Bitcoin long position but if you want to
take trades just like this once again
check out those links down below this
video to claim those extra bonuses and
if you want to actually know how to
trade crypto in any direction then make
sure to watch these videos popping up
right here on your screen the video in
the top left shows you how you can
profit from bullish or bearish Price
action using long positions or short
positions and the video in the bottom
left shows you he can easily profit from
choppy sideways price action but anyway
that is everything that I have to say
for today I really hope you enjoyed and
I'll see you all in the next video
