Bitcoin is right now forming a massive
cup and handle pattern where you see the
cup formation and then here you see the
U handle this handle here is the key
because when it breaks out which it is
basically right now then we could be
going much much higher I'm going to show
you the exact target in just a few uh
moments but before I do that I want to
show you why or what I am doing right
now so basically if you go over to to
buybit um let me go over to bitcoin here
because I put in this $1.3 million
position here right there you see $1.3
million already up $60,000 on this
position and one of the reasons of
course is the um the falling wedge that
one that's an obvious one right that's
obvious but even bigger is of course
that huge cup and handle forming right
now if if we see the breakout above
resistance here then uh guys we're going
to see Bitcoin absolutely fly so let me
show you how to calculate the Target and
before I do that don't forget to leave a
thumbs up because I love to see your
engagement your amazing guys and also
don't forget to sign up to bybit they
give you $50,000 bonus right now if you
want to trade on bybit and bit Flix will
give you
$68,000 to trade so check them out links
down below as always but yeah let's take
a look at the target so the target out
of the C handle is like this you take it
to the
bottom like that pull it up to the point
of the potential breakout and then you
will see that the Target in this case
will be
$118,000 guys
$118,000 per Bitcoin meaning that
Bitcoin could basically double almost
from here um that is uh that is
incredible that's why I have my long
position open over on bybit and also a
long position over on bitflex
yesterday we talked about a bearish
Divergence which is of course uh valid
on the 4-Hour time frame the 1H hour
time frame now I'm talking about the the
daily weekly monthly completely
different time frames but look we just
had the haling the the the yellow line
here's the
hving and you guys know the deal look at
the previous haling back there we
absolutely skyrocketed right so um these
halvings are are um are rocket fuel for
Bitcoin and and we saw it before we will
see it again so if you're not long on
bitcoin right now then really you can
only blame yourself one year from now
when Bitcoin is going to break to 300K
500k imagine our positions on bybit and
bitflex how much they will be worth
absolutely insane so yeah that's all I
can say guys cup and handle right there
staring in our faces we're going to go
to the Moon whether it's this week next
week or maybe in 3 months let's see guys
but this is a couple handle quite clear
to me thank you so much guys for
watching if you haven't seen this video
up here go check it out I think you
could like it if you click it you will
probably like it so see you over there
bye-bye
