today for the Bitcoin price and yes guys
this is one of the shortest videos I
have ever made yet one of the most
important ones let me show you exactly
what I am talking about and I was just
posting this pattern here this is a
pattern which was developing over the
last 2 years and what if I told you that
right now in that exact moment after the
breakout we predicted earlier I think
two days ago I posted minutes before the
break that the breakout is looming you
can't fact check that over on Twitter
what if I told you that this pattern is
right now breaking what if I told you
that I am having very important plans
here on my Bitcoin trade which I scaled
higher to 10 you can see it to10 million
I put another $3.5 million Us in volume
in it $1 million in realized profits
76.8 million in unrealized so now we are
in total back at almost $9 million in
profits on this trade what if I told you
that I'm about to show you the price
target of this
pattern for this price Target on Twitter
I was asking for 10,000 likes here I
will give you the price Target
beforehand all I am asking you is please
give me a like on that video that's the
only thing I'm asking for if you don't
do it fine I still laugh and appreciate
you but the small little like it cheers
me up and of course it is basically some
kind of reward for me doing this work
for you no matter where I am if I'm in
the Singaporean forest or if I'm
anywhere else this is the only thing I'm
asking for and of course some Likes down
some some um boom some uh comments down
below so you can see it goes all the way
down to like 16,500 the bottom of the
bull market and of course here the
neckline is roundabout at
$70,000 so if you were to pull a
measured move price Target the price
Target is and by the way I will leave a
link down below to buy bit if you want
to be trading as well click register
deposit I think they are dropping right
now an A bonus a deposit bonus of more
than $30,000 for free for you in the pin
comment down below with my partner link
you get a bonus I get a bonus I think
that's a fair deal click register
deposit but the price target of that
measur move price of that measur move
price move of this potential breakout we
are seeing right now we need to wait for
Sunday to close Sunday needs to close
above 70 $67,500 if we are closing above
67,500 we are having a high chance of a
confirmation of this break and yes then
the price Target would be and please
remember that is a weekly a monthly
pattern almost this cup and handle would
be
$120,000 a price which I would be
looking forward to until the end end of
the year thank you so much for watching
we are going to see very soon at the
next one of cry as always guys as always
bye bye
