the big boys are fooing in Bitcoin
whales acquired nearly $1 billion dollar
worth of
bitcoin even right now even with
volatility with stagnation side wve
movement these guys this is how you're
supposed to do it if you live through
previous Cycles you'll know that this is
normal very very normal in fact not just
normal like super super strong Bitcoin
has never really been this strong in
previous Cycles we saw much bigger dips
much much bigger dips along the way this
time around we had some dips we just had
a pretty big one around 23% but still
that's very tame compared to previous
Cycles right and these boys these big
boys and whales and institutions and
Banks know this is the time to be
picking up this is the time to be
loading up not time to be selling but of
course if you want to stretch it out a
little bit you want to go a little bit
beyond this cycle where is Bitcoin going
to be well what about this magical $1
million mark seven digits for a single
Bitcoin which seems impossible at this
time but once Bitcoin gets to 200,000
it's not going to seem that impossible
anymore because it's only requiring 5x
to go to a million right well Jack dorsy
who just you know one of the Bitcoin
Bulls out there and he just uh was
interviewed and and he says Bitcoin is
going to be at 1 million by 2030 and
he's not alone a lot of people think 1
million by 2030 is a reality and that's
only six years away from now that's the
that's the beauty of Bitcoin that's the
beauty of Bitcoin you think sometimes
you just have to wait forever but you
know what imagine just waiting six years
for it to be at $1 million each that
means if you just if your whole coin are
one you'll be a millionaire already in
six years I mean that's not that long to
wait if you have two if you have five if
you have 10 you just multiply that by a
million that's a lot and that's not even
the most bullish scenario Kathy Wood
thinks
that by the time we hit
2030 uh Bitcoin could be
$3.8
million yeah that's right she used to
think it was going to be you know 1.5
million now she thinks by 2030 Bitcoin
could be at $3.8 million and she's
saying that because if
5% of institutional investors put uh
their allocation to bitcoin that's how
high Bitcoin would be just 5% of their
portfolio right $3.8 Million by 2030 now
that is nutty that is insanely nutty you
could be a CTI millionaire in six years
just by holding on enough Bitcoin coins
or even a billionaire I mean just think
about that that's absolutely nutty so
things are looking good guys bullish
stuff always happening in the space you
never want to get feared out of the
market now short
term we're seeing some good patterns
build up inverse Head and Shoulders okay
I've shown this before but it does kind
of look like that's what's happening
right now if it's not inverse if it's
just head and shoulders it seems more
believable but somehow when it's a
inverse Head and Shoulders people don't
quite believe it but that is the pattern
that we're going through right now and
even if you didn't believe that believe
this okay every single cycle you have
dips you do have dips okay it doesn't go
up forever this point this morning I
made a big point about it there were a
lot of scary FSH articles out there okay
if you just read it as it's written
without any context of anything else
yeah it seems pretty darn scary but then
I added some context yeah April was a
bad month and May so far hasn't been
that great either but why is that
because we had seven consecutive green
months prior that's why we had a
breather month just like what you see
here look at that just count that right
right we had a lot of green months and
we had one red month that does not mean
the cycle is over that does not mean the
parabolic phase of this cycle is
canceled it just means that we have to
wait a little bit longer that is it you
got to have patience when it comes to
bitcoin right so that is what I want to
say about Bitcoin it did bounce back a
little bit we'll see the numbers
tomorrow but I do think we are just
simply going going sideways at this
point we're consolidating we're getting
ready and there are so many great things
happening in this space you really don't
want to
be as I say feared out or fed out in the
Market at this point right so stay
strong but overall guys you know I I've
been saying this and why why you guys
may be thinking well why are you talking
about this right and what does it have
to do with anything uh in relation to
bitcoin because all this has to do with
Bitcoin all the economic policies have
not been so good in terms of preserving
your wealth um and we have this kind of
like on and off thing right where we
have either the money printer being
turned on or turned off and then we have
whether the rates are going to be
increase or decrease it's all basically
trying to manipulate the market it's is
trying to either curb inflation or try
to decrease inflation but all this you
know it's all like convoluted and it's
all Shenanigans and the more you learn
about it the more you just like give up
and just throw your hands in there it's
like you know what I I just want to opt
out of everything okay uh I don't get
what any of this means but what I want
to know is how do I preserve my wealth
and how do I make more money right
ultimately that's what we all want to
know
um but yeah currencies around the
world not doing so well the Japanese yen
is decreasing against the usdc this is
the only reason why the US government
can do what they do all the shenanigans
that they're doing with rid cuts and
raid hike hikes and also with um with
with the quantitative easing and and
quantitative tightening all these things
the only reason why they're able to do
it is because the dollar right now is
stronger than other currencies right
including the Euro including the
Sterling including everything else
against the dollar they are just weaker
so we in the US have this advantage
that's why our government does not care
about more printing or more borrowing
because we think uh other countries will
want it forever but that's just not the
case eventually that gravy train is
going to stop we got retail investors
there are panicking
yet the big boys the whales the
institutions are loading up in
fact this is a Google search interest
for the term
crypto uh it is lower now than when
Bitcoin was at
20,000 again showing that retail
interest retail investors are very very
low this cycle very low this cycle can
you imagine being more bearish now at
62,000 Bitcoin versus 20,000 Bitcoin
it's three times higher yet the interest
for crypto is lower take a second to
think about that okay that's the
unfortunate thing and that's
why memes are so hot right now because
most people out there they're not
searching okay at least the retail
people they're not really searching for
the next L1 or L2 or hot DB to invest in
they're looking at memes specifically
right and the institutions are looking
at Bitcoin so that's kind of like the
weird thing that's happening this cycle
it's actually quite weird but
nevertheless they will F in when things
start moving up again that's when retail
fomos in and unfortunately that's
usually the wrong time to be buying
right now now is the time to be buy
anytime we're low or you could argue
just DC overtime set a schedule and
forget about it that's how you're
supposed to do it
