big change coming to the channel my gosh
Ry as this bull run is hitting guys
ethereum up again today over the last 24
hours in the green whereas
Bitcoin H it's about it's down I think
just a hair from yesterday it's a excuse
me about $70,100 watching some of the
coins move guys the meme coins I told
you to watch the meme coins I told you
flaky flaky did move today second
biggest mover Pepe moved again massive
moves uh you have shib on the Run you've
got Doge On The Run uh a lot of this
stuff uh coming in here guys and yeah
keep in mind a lot of times the meme
coins they lead the Mania and right now
we're seeing it I think we're about to
start seeing these games don't forget
about chippy our old guy chippy don't
forget about Bromance too um on the
pulse chain now we're big announcement
coming about that uh here pretty soon
actually uh but anyways guys uh look I I
do want to say this here uh which is I
am going to be going on a Hiatus from
the live show for an extended period of
time uh why guys I'm leaving crypto and
I'm going to become a professional
fighter I don't know maybe but uh the
point is is uh guys right now uh we are
in intense intense legal stuff behind
the scenes that people don't know about
and because of that uh I really need to
focus on that for the next month J
chains will be uh J chains is has his
fight uh next week against Billy
McFarland um at consensus so we're going
to go to consensus next week we're going
to cover that I'm going to have videos
for you guys every single day uh like
normal uh but then after that I get back
and there's only one week after J chains
gets back and then I got to go to London
for my fight so I think what the best
thing is for me is to focus on my fight
uh focus on uh the videos we're putting
out tomorrow you're going to see a whole
different style a video uh coming to the
channel so really excited about that uh
but uh you know do want to let you guys
no the live show is on Hiatus and um I
will I will definitely return and do the
live show after my fight but guys the
fights are serious and this is I get
paid a lot of money to do this stuff
I've got big sponsors I got big money
coming in and I got to make sure I don't
embarrass myself and I go out there and
I win because as long as I keep winning
I can keep pushing this and and keep
going for further and pushing uh bid
nation and the bid Squad and things like
that so I'm really passionate about
taking things mainstream and I think for
whatever reason I managed to be the
person that seems to be able to attract
the mainstream crowd in crypto For
Better or For Worse so I I think my
career as a fighter I think it's
important I I do think so I think there
are a lot of things um that are
important and so I think going forward
guys you're going to get the same
information just given to you a little
bit differently as I get ready for this
and and I'll be honest with you guys if
it wasn't for J Chain's going to
basically be two weeks on the Shelf here
I still would have been doing the live
show um but what I hope is is my hope is
in one month when we come back for the
live show after my fight that'll a lot
of things have changed and I believe
that they will uh so there you go guys
uh I'll be back uh see you guys in a
month on the live show Cassie and I will
be doing some members only live streams
uh during this time so I I was thinking
about maybe doing a abbreviated member
you know version of the show some days
um during this time but this is the time
we're really going to focus and focus on
the videos and give you guys the content
that you need I know this video isn't
super sexy for people that aren't like
already in our community but uh you know
um hey if you don't like this video
uh that could be you the way
