let's say uh Japan issues a billion
dollars of Yen buys a billion dollars of
Bitcoin Bitcoin you know if they're
smart they would issue 20 billion do of
Yen buy 20 billion do of Bitcoin when
they put out the press release Bitcoin
would triple they would have $60 billion
of Treasury assets appreciating at 30% a
year and they would end up with a 20
billion positive balance of payments
right and and it becomes a
self-fulfilling prophecy you know this
last week you know you saw you saw uh
block announced that they're going to
start buying Bitcoin every month you saw
you've seen uh ACC of Bitcoin by a lot
of Bitcoin miners a you know a lot of
them are actually not selling as much
Bitcoin as they're mining now I think
you're going to see more Bitcoin miners
buying more I think you're going to see
more Bitcoin exchanges buying more micro
strategy executive chairman and
co-founder Michael sailor has described
what he believes will be the next phase
of adoption for Bitcoin the world's
leading cryptocurrency by market cap
during a recent interview with cnbc's
guy adami sailor laid out his vision for
what could Propel the price of Bitcoin
the micro strategy boss explains that we
are at a pivotal moment in the global
economy according to the latest data
from The Institute of international
finance Global debt increased by around
$1.3 trillion to a new record high of
$315 trillion in the first quarter of
2024 the if said more than half of the
rise originated from mature markets
especially the United States France and
Germany as a result of rising debt and
reduced productivity the global debt to
GDP ratio saw a steady decline in the
past year and is currently north of
300% according to sailor we are
witnessing an irreversible shift in the
world's economy which will demand that
investors from Sovereign wealth Nations
to multi-billion Dollar companies
immediately change their investment
strategies sailor is certain that this
shift will be positive and exceedingly
bullish for Bitcoin as it will spur
increased adoption and significant price
gains as we bring you clips from Sailor
discussion with adami please take a
little time to like this video subscribe
to the channel and turn on post
notifications for more videos like this
thanks for watching and enjoy the video
they certainly won't take my advice but
but the the answer is the first country
that can print currency and buy Bitcoin
wins a midsize comp country could
probably do it but you'd have to to be
aggressive um if we come back to a
company you know a company's stock is
just like a country's currency right
right the country can issue currency by
the way the reason El Salvador isn't
quite synonymous is El Salvador doesn't
have their own currency so what I said
the first country to print their own
currency and buy Bitcoin wins you need
to be able to issue10 billion of your
currency swap it for $10 billion of
Bitcoin grow the Bitcoin 30% a year
and that's the way a treasury Reserve
asset supposed to work right because
everybody then stampedes into that with
you um micro strategy had a $600 million
Enterprise Value and we had 600 million
in cash and we had no growth and we were
dead money and we were trading $2
million a day in the stock market guy
that's just like the Russell 2000 or
let's say the Russell 1000 the bottom
Russell 1,000 companies they're all like
that they're all 500 million to
multi-billion Dollar companies 100
million to billion dollar market caps
they all trade 1 million to 20 million a
day they've all got low growth because
if you're not Nvidia or apple or the
Magnificent 7 you just you know you
can't you can't grow like Microsoft so
we took that Russell 2000 small cap
company we took uh our cash we bought
some
Bitcoin we bought 250 million of Bitcoin
we put that out on the wire the the
shareholder base turned over we bought
another 175 million of Bitcoin the stock
doubled we uh all of our employees
exercised some stock options we bought
more Bitcoin stock increased again we
sold a convertible Bond we bought more
Bitcoin the stock increased again
Bitcoin increased again you fast forward
44
months and uh you know the the stock
price 10x
the market cap 20x the Enterprise Value
40x that went from 600 million to Mid 25
billion and so what were we doing what
we are doing is we're issuing our
currency our our stock that is to buy
Bitcoin or we're
borrowing we're borrowing against our
stock to buy Bitcoin my advice to a
sovereign wealth fund is you know you
basically start to buy Bitcoin as
digital Capital my advice to a an
aggressive small country if you if
you're small midsize country and you can
print your own currency you either print
the currency to buy Bitcoin or you issue
sovereign debt and swap it right into
Bitcoin immediately right you can borrow
money cheap and you loan it to bitcoin
at
24% return or better right so that's
obvious but I'm not going to hold my my
breath on countries because it's a very
political thing I think that um the
people that are the obvious
beneficiaries that hopefully are
listening to this podcast would be
shareholders officers and directors of
the 10,000 small midsize companies
especially publicly traded companies
which in essence can't outperform the
Magnificent 7 if you don't think you can
outperform Google and meta and Microsoft
and Nvidia and you have some money you
either take the cash and buy Bitcoin you
issue equity and buy Bitcoin or you ISS
issue debt either either senior debt or
you even better you issue convertible
debt convertible to your equity and you
buy Bitcoin because that allows you to
recapitalize with an with an
appreciating asset as opposed to
decapitalize and have nothing or to
whole capital in a depreciating asset
that that is kind of burning has got a
negative real yield and burning
shareholder value earlier this month
block Incorporated CEO Jack dorsy
announced that the fintech conglomerate
would buy Bitcoin monthly for its
balance sheet dorsy the former CEO of
Twitter shared a document on the social
media platform titled Bitcoin blueprint
for corporate balance sheets with the
caption block is dollar cost averaging
Bitcoin every month the document states
that the firm is announcing a new
corporate balance sheet dollar cost
average DCA program
under which each month it will invest
10% of its monthly gross profit from
Bitcoin products into purchases of
Bitcoin for investment purposes the
company also shared the details of its
current bitcoin Holdings which include
the purchases made in 2020 and 2021 as
Square according to the document as of
March 31st 2024 block held
8,038 Bitcoin representing approximately
9% of its total cash cash equivalents
and marketable securities during his
discussion with adami saor notes that
block will be the first of many other
companies to follow this path in the
coming years as the global economy shows
more signs of cracks let's get back to
the interview um micro strategy is going
to keep developing its Bitcoin position
and yeah it's going to get exponentially
harder right you know this last week you
know you saw you saw uh block announce
said they're going to start buying
Bitcoin every month you saw you've seen
uh a cre of Bitcoin by a lot of Bitcoin
miners a you know a lot of them are
actually not selling as much Bitcoin as
they're mining now I think you're going
to see more Bitcoin miners buying more I
think you're going to see more Bitcoin
exchanges buying more I think you see
the existing ETFs accumulating but now
we're up to
22 spot ETFs in the world and they're
all in a marketing war with each other
so they're going to go harder so I I
think and and at some point you're going
to see other these Russell thousand
companies right which one of them wants
to crawl out of their zombie State it's
like you're just waiting for someone to
decide they want the money so I think
that when they do that they drive up the
price of Bitcoin and I have to chase it
my first Bitcoins were below
10,000 and uh you know and I'm I'm
buying Bitcoin in the 60s now and that's
okay I don't know where we'll get to I
know we'll I know we'll get more we
we'll accrete from here we will acquire
more Bitcoin than we have right now and
we'll do it via you know organic cash
and Via debt especially convertible debt
and we'll do it via equity and that'll
be a function of capital markets and and
all sorts of other
Dynamics but um I think um you know
aredes said uh you get a lever long
enough and a place to stand I can move
the world the place to stand is Bitcoin
right I mean it's it's not a commodity
it's a scarcity so if it's a scarcity
it's like if I said to you there's one
city it's at the it's the trade
Crossroads of the world it's the it's
the center of the digital economy one
day everybody on the planet is going to
be moving their Capital through that
City but there's only 276 by 276 by 276
blocks in that City and by the way it's
like 94% occupied but you can buy
another one of those blocks if you want
um do you want to buy some
more and the answer is yeah I want to
keep buying because just like if I could
have bought New York or Manhattan a 100
years ago or 50 or 200 or 30 or
300 you know tell me you know at what
year how how many years ago was it a bad
idea right I think it's always been a
good idea if if you can hold right as
long as you can hold the property and
why is Manhattan a good idea because
it's a granite Island at the you know
the middle of Long Island Sound and the
Hudson you know and it's got great
natural Harbors it's the gateway to
North America it was always the best
place to put a port right and if you
know if you look at it and you cruise
around it and you stare at it and you
look at the fact you can build that on
top of that shist it's obvious people
are going to want to live in and do
business in that City for hundreds of
years sailor's analogy about Bitcoin and
real estate in major cities like New
York is a particularly brilliant one
because not only does it reveal the
assets immense value but it also answers
the question of whether it's too late to
buy in a previous interview the micro
strategy CEO explained that New York was
already the greatest city in North
America by
1776 more than a 100 years after it was
founded by Dutch colonists around
1624 anyone who had wanted to buy
property in New York in
1776 would probably have considered
themselves late to the party and thought
those who got in earlier quite lucky yet
people have continued to invest in the
city and make great Returns on their
money for hundreds of years since then
sailor reckons the same is going to
happen with Bitcoin some people bought
when one coin was under $100 some when
it was $10,000 per coin and millions are
going to buy when a coin is selling for
$100,000 or even a million and investors
on all levels will make their money in
multiple folds what are your thoughts on
Michael sailor's long-term predictions
for the leading digital asset please
drop your comments and observations in
the comments section below also ensure
you like this video subscribe to the
channel and turn on post notifications
for more videos thanks for watching
