good morning gurus welcome to another
episode hope you have a beautiful day
we're going to jump in charts for
Bitcoin and ethereum hit the Subscribe
button Smash Up Thumbs Up Button turn on
the bell and comment down below any
tickers you want me to analyze let's
jump into technicals for Bitcoin
[Music]
now we're going into
technical Bitcoin 66,800 having a bit of
a drop yesterday exactly as I predicted
on Twitter
um I posted on Twitter about this Rising
wedge and I said warning warning going
to break down on Twitter and it broke
down um Target was around
60 Target was
65,000 and you can see that broke down
um let's go onto the weekly
bigger on the weekly time frame you can
see the big resistance is this white
trend line from the previous all-time
high double top which would be 88k you
can see that volume was growing in that
Boomer run a lot of volume volume during
the bare Market 2020 2023 of buying of
Bitcoin and then volume growing and then
a little bit of a dropping off on volume
recently um stochastic is still turning
up but now starting to turn down weekly
volume the last two weeks of volume this
is what I'm concerned about the last
four weeks besides this week volume um
look at the weekly volume so comparable
to bitcoin when it was at um at say 52k
we had buying of 1.3 million Bitcoin
coin per per week next week we had 1.3
million week after 1.2 million week
after 1.1 million week after you see
what I'm saying and now we have 1.1 then
we had 1.1 million 1 million then we had
650k after the Haring it cut in half the
volume then we had a big bounce 1
million then we had again 600k then
again 650k so everyone telling you to go
long and things like this they're not
taking into account the volume dropping
massively also this is the yellow trend
line that you see in Bitcoin on and you
can see that that yellow trend line if
it were to come down would be around it
would be this this is the main trend
line we got a bounce of 56 before that
trend line though which is good crypto
Guru bot still firing a blue buy which
it fired February 2023 at 20,000 and
it's still a blue buy now now it looks
like we're on the fourth to fifth wave
how far this wave goes is very dependent
um usually the fourth to fifth wave is
smaller than the third to four the
second to third impulse wave so I don't
think this run will be very very big 80
88k though is a big resistance that we
can say we also have a big 73k
resistance but again the problem is this
falling volume okay let's see what we
can see here we've got trend line coming
here we've got there there there's two
tructures of a trend
line so you can see a formation starting
to form
here um top of that trend line is going
to be
at 69k
if it gets rejected there then
possibility 56k and that's where I would
go long to be honest with this declining
volume everyone went like here we were
bullish everyone was bullish then I got
out here I got out here I warned
everyone to sell at these kind of areas
I think my sell was like around exactly
there and then um we've been going and
the volume has been dropping and that's
what I'm concerned about and a lot of
people got trapped and they went super
long after that pullback um here and
then here they went super long here we
got a lot of bullishness but you can see
that top of the trend line I think 56k
is my Target in play I think we would
get a bounce also at
61k actually
no big bounce with there's big support
here 6,700 stop loss
6,156 take profit 88k so that's the main
trade out the first trade I take on a
pullback um 6,700 trade open 6,156 stop
loss and take profit 88k risk toward 45
times
risking
risking I want to get it right on that
trend
line 68 times risking um $417 to make
28,600 per Bitcoin with no leverage 10x
leverage would be
$280,000 that's the riskier trade of
60,000 safer trade is me targeting a
double bottom at 56,000 we had the that
Iran Israel war news then we had a
bounce and I think we need a double
bottom so 56k is my safer Target to open
a trade opening
56375 stop loss 56,000 take profit 88k
reach toward 94 times risking $347 to
make $32,000 with no leverage 10x
leverage 320,000 those are the two
trades I would take on bitcoin if you
want to trade Bitcoin like you see me do
go underneath the video um one is the
exchanges I use B gives you a $30,000
bonus when you meet that trading
requirements using that link you have to
sign up two take the crypto Master cost
get the crypto grot and learn to trade
three join us in the telegram there's
few hundred of you at any one time
trading all the links are underneath the
video and again babby gives you a
$30,000 bonus when you meet their
trading requirements using this link to
sign up um over on bit we got 616k in
this account yesterday was 620 we got a
bit of a pullback something sold off
yesterday um down 4,800 I've got 342k
cash so I'm mainly in cash 342 + 14 so
it's like 360k in cash of this 66k
account so I'm mostly in cash one
Bitcoin 66k slightly down mcrt 43k down
2% pocket 34k down down 3% World 24K
down 5% World coin taking a big hit um
Dogecoin down 2.9% 19k and uniso
14k um slightly even I've got no Longs
open currently and I've got a long set
up at 61,500 and I want to set up a big
long that's 61,000 400 I've got a 6
Bitcoin long let's modify it 4 Bitcoin
and I want to put
a and I want to put a 56k I want to put
a 4 Bitcoin
long 56,000 4 Bitcoin long so I've got
those two orders 4 Bitcoin long 56k 4
Bitcoin long 61,500 and I'm holding spot
Bitcoin mcrt Pocket World Doge uni
everyone you have to do your own due
diligence and control your own Brokers
I'm a seen investor in a lot of these
companies so you have to make your own
decisions let's quickly go into
ethereum etherum 3,69 stable coining huh
range W it came down almost activated my
trade came down to 2858 the low was 2818
getting a big bounce off you can see
this big descending trend line triangle
builds pressure builds pressure usually
breaks out but the problem is it's
broken out late it should have broken
out 70% of the move so it should have
broken out there it broke out late but
it breaking out with falling volume and
the stochastic is overboard so I'd be
very careful here in my opinion I think
a lot of people got trapped again I
would go long on ethereum on this major
area of support um 2816 stop loss 2784
and take profit big resistance area you
can see that we're starting to get a
channel between these two trend
lines
um we seem to be channeling L
between these two trend lines between um
31
3,100 I would say resistance 3,148 and
the trend line 2,800 so it's it's moving
between these two trend lines we're
starting to build a channel here on
ethereum but with declining volumes I
would be very careful safest place to
tra trade 2,800 again all the links down
below and don't forget follow me on X as
well I've got $85,100 followers again um
my buy targets I made a video yes 13
hours ago on bitcoin Doge and Tesla
check that out me talking about when I
first started buying Bitcoin nobody in
the real world knew what it was that was
in 2018 I made that Twitter and you can
just see um the US the government
absolutely unequivocally lied to us they
lied about covid they lied about nature
of climate change they lied about
stability of Renewables they lied about
safety and efficiency of covid vaccine
check out that tweet um the US
government needs to do what Elon mus did
all governments around the world like
what um what Argentina's presid isn't
doing fire 90% of its Workforce believe
me you wouldn't even notice the
difference very true um this was me 12
hours ago Bitcoin Target
65382 5,000 people saw that and then 9
hours later we dropped out of that
exactly as predicted that's my updates
in the market everyone thank you for
watching hit the Subscribe button Smash
Up Thumbs Up Button turn on the Bell let
me know in the comments section anything
you want me to analyze if you have any
questions for me I've been trading for
24 uh since now almost my birthday 2 23
years I've been trading which is
beautiful um and I've been making these
daily videos for 4 years now which is
amazing almost at the 4ye anniversary
which I'm so thankful thank you for
anyone who's been here on the journey
through um uh with me at the Eagles Nest
um traveling the world Dubai um Bitcoin
when we were buying at Dogecoin the
first time before Elon M went Satur
Night Live we're buying at 0.003 I
remember about 50,000 do it pumped to
0.75 sold it on the news buy the rumor
sell the news on Saturday Night Live
then it dropped down um du buy a lot of
a bare Market 2022 2023 bare Market 24
23 end of 23 24 buom Market record it
all love you all have an amazing day
amazing journey and a beautiful life
only wish you the best only wish best
for others don't be envious of others
everyone has the the everyone has the
same emotions greed fear worry um Envy
doesn't matter if you feel the negative
emotions anger Envy it's okay it's a
normal emotion but just realize that
you're feeling that Envy for someone
else and catch yourself and say no I
wish that person amazing things I wish
them abundant I wish them happiness
catch yourself on the um and just wish
everyone the best love you all have an
amazing day I wish you the best and I'll
see you all again tomorrow
