have you ever studied the technicals of
Bitcoin at all like have you read the
white paper or understood like how it
works anyway I mean I've not gone into
nowhere near like you have I'm sure you
you're probably much more of an expert
on it than I but it just falls into a
category the technicals won't change it
for me okay so if you had be the same
thing of um a new tech company blows up
they they go from Venture Capital
they're going to take it public they're
going to do an IPO am I putting money in
that no when Facebook went public did I
put money in it no not a dime because
that's betting on the short term now you
look back 10 years has Facebook done
okay I don't know I don't follow their
stock but you know probably probably
could have been okay I may have missed
out but I didn't have I don't play short
game I play long ball that's investing
and so once you put it in that category
I just don't do it I don't have to go
into the technicals cuz I'm not going to
play
