warning this video and all other videos
on this channel for entertainment
purposes only the content of this video
and all other videos on this channel are
the opinions of the Creator only and do
not constitute legal trading investment
or financial advice of any kind
investing cares a high level of risk in
the majority of retail clients lose
money do not invest in capital unless
you understand the risk and you are
prepared to lose it all
[Music]
yeah oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right hello and welcome to camel
Finance I'm your boy camel and I've
spent all morning doing the memes so a
lot of you can plain that I don't do
enough memes a lot of you say you want
to see more memes I know some of you are
just really over it and Skip right
through it that's fine but uh but yeah
we're running late it is currently 10 to
10 and I've only just got done making
the meme so I hope you appreciate a
little bit of extra special memage this
morning I got a couple of announcements
to make very quickly first of all I have
a fishing trip planned on Tuesday this
week coming so that is Tuesday the 28th
historically speaking when I go fishing
margus tend to crash okay so perhaps be
on guard for Tuesday next week and the
second announcement is I'm getting
together with kabi this evening and we
are going to we're going to have a catch
up and present a couple of ideas to each
other I am going to record it it's not
going to be live but look out for that
in the not too distant future if we say
anything of value then we will indeed be
posting it to one or both of our
channels and so without further Ado
let's get into it okay because the
probability of a recession seems to have
disappeared so we can all breathe a sigh
of relief okay no need to worry okay no
need to be fearful I'm going to stop
doing posting okay third angle whether
it sets or not let's just keep going up
forever no problem anywhere to be seen
of course the absolute reality is at
tops this is exactly what we want to see
proliferate as I've been saying over and
over again we want to see people
cheering the FED on well done for the
soft Landing or no Landing no chance of
recession no more Cycles no more bare
markets so right on schedule okay right
as we apparently are thinking about
thinking about setting a third and final
blowoff angle we are seeing more and
more of these types of things start to
proliferate I've also had several people
reach out to me and say that when they
suggest the top might be closer than
people think they are being attacked
abused in some cases okay so good that's
what you want to see slowly but surely
we want every last bear to become a ball
we want every man and his dog to tell us
that there's no way we have a recession
everything is gravy everything is fine
and there are absolutely no signs of
underlying weakness right right well
there are some bearish divergences on
the RSI for the S&P 500 on a weekly time
frame okay price making a higher high
whilst the oscillator Divergence shows
lower high have we ever seen this before
yes what happened next that what about
here okay more Divergence what happened
c19 plunge so it doesn't have to play
out just because we have Divergence
divergences can occur for a while and
then this could break out probably
probably won't go that high but this
could indeed break the Divergence and
continue up and we could see something
like this okay in the meantime so just
because Divergence has shown up it
doesn't necessarily mean that a crash is
coming any day now right what it does
suggest or imply or hint at however is
that momentum is waning into to this
current rise in price so it's something
to take note of it's something to
observe it's something to keep on the
back burner of our minds particularly if
more and more people start to become
convinced that nothing could possibly go
wrong here there are more subtle hints
that this current rally at least and
this doesn't necessarily mean we have to
start calling tops at this point but
this current rally at the moment is
perhaps at least showing signs of waning
momentum again as we've got the price
making higher highs okay higher highs
across the top we also have the number
of components of the S&P trading above
their 50-day moving average slowly but
surely making lower highs now similarly
with the oscillated Divergence that we
just showed okay more and more stocks
can start to take part in this rally
more and more stocks can indeed climb
above their 50-day moving average and if
we continue to go up with more and more
stocks trading above their 50 moving
average on The Daily charts we could
certainly see this thing written off as
a warning signal okay we could certainly
undo the potential signs of waning
momentum here but as it stands we not
only have the oscillated diver we also
have the moving average Divergence as
well something to take note of and it's
not just the RSI okay it's also the macd
Divergence that we're seeing as well so
again this can uncross and undo this can
break above this can continue up Happy
Days these are subtle hints and tells
from the market that perhaps the current
rally is rotting from the inside as ever
this is not a sell signal okay we still
want to wait for technical breakdowns we
still want to wait for confirmation via
failed daily Cycles but this is
something to take note of because
towards tops you would expect momentum
to wne you would also as I showed you
expect to see people become more and
more confident that momentum will never
wne so so far so good I would say for
the camel crew at least couple of other
things I wanted to point out okay this
is more just for context or illustration
purposes a million seconds ago was the
8th of May a billion seconds ago was
1993 and 1 trillion seconds ago was
30,000 BC okay
so when we try to comprehend these
massive numbers such as the 36 trillion
that the US is currently in debt funded
and what we at 220 trillion unfunded
something like that meanwhile they are
adding a trillion dollars of new debt
every 100 days a trillion every 100 days
okay to put in perspective of just how
much money this is just how broken the
system is okay really let this sink in
also in the interest of being accurate
here 34.7 trillion according to the
national debt clock that is the funded
okay that's the debt that's been bought
to Market and down here in the bottom
right the US unfunded liability is 215
trillion this of course is things that
people are counting on okay this is
Medicare deade pensions this debt has
not even been bought to market yet so a
house of cards yeah I think so DT's
presidential campaign officially accepts
Bitcoin and cryptocurrency okay this is
one way to win over the votes I guess
right if you're in the camp of people
that thinks voting works then at least
he's probably going to try to win over
some of those people and speaking of
Bitcoin Ray scale had 72 million in
inflows in the last four days so since
launch it's had 79 consecutive days of
outflow and has averaged $270 million in
those outflows but at the hard right
edge things appear to be turning okay is
the tide turning is this just a little
blip for a couple of days before
resumption we're going to find out but
so far kind of encouraging right over in
El Salvador they've just crossed 400
million in Bitcoin Holdings they now 81
million in profit so happy days for El
Salvador we're going to get to the TA in
a minute but I just wanted to point to
this I'm probably going to continue to
point at this until it stops being in
play okay I'm not fully committed to
this third angle yet but all the while
we remain above it okay the longer we
remain above it the more significant it
becomes if we clear this prior alltime
High okay and we're still above this
angle then by the time we're in this
neighborhood any breakdowns I personally
will be respecting I don't know if I'll
necessarily be calling the absolute top
of it breaks down here but certainly if
it Trends up like this and breaks down
higher up then I probably will be at
least in the short term calling major
tops of course as ever I will have to be
open to playing what I am terming a low
probability bounce on the way down just
in case we get some kind of violent
ShakeOut double pump R Pauls right okay
up into a right translated cycle but now
though as I said the longer we're above
the third angle the more significant it
becomes if you don't want this party to
be over sooner rather than later okay if
you're in that camp of people that says
yeah no chance of a recession and you
really need to see this angle lost
pretty Pronto there's a nice chart here
from Kushi okay you can see the diagram
here it matches this very very nicely
and this also implies that we are
perhaps about to start to go parabolic a
touch of this trend line should we make
it okay puts us at around 220k so is
that too bullish I don't know I'll let
you be the judge I wouldn't be surprised
okay if it did this and then we zoom out
and have a look at that is that super
insane to my eyes at least it isn't 220k
certainly feels like a big number I will
give you that and also I wonder how
accurately I can do this I think this
would be somewhere around Q3 or perhaps
early Q4 so it would still qualify as a
left translated cycle top pretty
interesting time to be alive again if
you're not in this Camp of people if you
don't want to hear what I'm saying if
you want standard fouryear cycle stuff
that's fine but you really need to see
us start to go sideways or down in the
immediate term okay if we don't start to
do that pretty Pronto then we will
continue to go up and of course if we
continue to go up it continues to look
an awful lot like a left translated
cycle which tells us to be open at least
to an extent bare market decline that
would be pretty rough a lot of people
would get worn out a lot of people would
probably walk away and never come back
right once we get past the 12 month
point of a bare Market a lot of people
would be sat there going it's broken it
didn't do what it always did it always
has a 12-month bar market and recovers
always has a 12mon bare market and
recovers this time 12mth be Market
followed by another 12-month bare Market
you better believe sentiment in here
will be horrifically bad it will be
horrifically bad many many people will
quit forever here and assume that this
was a failed experiment I think in terms
of the ETFs cuz I was getting a lot of
these questions as well a lot of people
had been saying to me CAM the ETFs are
here right surely they're not going to
buy the top surely these ETFs are not
going to buy here and then this whole
thing is over in a couple of months
right and that that that could be right
I could be wrong of course but from an
Institutional standpoint it kind of
makes sense to me right it makes sense
for a number of reasons number one I
just assume the worst of these
institutions I assume that their game
plan is ultimately to capture as much of
the supply as possible that's what I
assume okay if I was them that's what I
probably want to do and so one way of
doing that would be to blow this thing
off okay which forces people to come in
and buy the top
it also marries people to the idea that
we're going straight to a million this
is the super cycle and then you slowly
walk this thing down and distribute the
ETF to all the dip buyers knowing that
after about 12 months the market has
been trained and conditioned to look
left and say well after a 12-month be
Market there's a good time to go all in
right and then that'll probably get a
little pump and then the ETFs can
continue to distribute into this like I
said by the time we get to here this
thing will be determined dead this thing
will be pronounced dead it will be
considered a failed experiment many many
long-term holders will puke their
positions and this in my humble opinion
is the way to wear out the long-term
holders this would be the way to really
really really grind them down forcing
them to hand over that long-term hodle
Supply and thus then the institutions
could come in buy it all up here walk
away with I I guess their target would
be 30 or 40% of the supply whether they
get that or not is is to be determined I
have no idea how much they'll actually
manage to get hold of I have no idea how
Diamond handed those people that call
themselves Diamond handed are but like I
said if we could get this big walk down
right and I should say this now okay I
know this is 14K I'm not calling for a
14k bottom that's not what I'm saying in
fact top to bottom we might only see 40
or 50% it could be a very slow grind
distribution just wear everyone out make
them think that this is going to go down
forever okay but my guess is they want
to Target 30 or 40% of the supply if
they can do that then by the time they
get into this neighborhood then they can
send it to the big big big numbers right
then they can do the million bucks a
coin remember if indeed we do get that
blowoff top deflation reust big round of
printing lower high blah blah blah blah
blah and by the time we get here okay
we're going to have severe inflation
severe demand for a big you know chunk
of Bitcoin and then maybe that is how
they capture this thing so so it's
pretty wacky it's pretty speculative
admittedly but I also think this is how
you harm the most amount of participants
people don't want to hear that this
thing is going to go straight up and
then straight down forever right again
doesn't have to come all the way down to
these obscenely no numbers it could
easily just drop from 200k to 100K nice
50% dip but really really grinds this
thing down over an extended period of
time that's where the institutions come
in and buy 30 or 40% of the supply I
guess that's what they target again
that's where we find out how many of
those people that say I'm never selling
and I'm Diamond handed that's where we
find out how many of them were talk and
how many of them are really serious
about what they say you better believe
at this point retail is never coming
back ever you also better believe if
this is the scenario that plays out that
99% of those meme coins altcoins
whatever they're going to zero and never
coming back okay probably they launch
regulation here to prevent them coming
back I would think that kind of makes
sense right and then going forward
they've got a huge chunk of the supply
control over the asset the ability to
probably launch other leverage products
and Futures on the spot ETFs to control
the price and suppress it when they need
to at least in the short term retail has
been locked out and then we go straight
from I don't know 30 40 50 60k to a
couple of million bucks and very very
few people actually get to capture
Bitcoin as a life-changing wealth
instrument again I know it's highly
speculative as always take this thing
one day at a time right it's by no means
a cooler prediction but I'm just saying
if this thing continues up if we get a
blowoff top and an extended bare market
then that whole scenario I just
described that makes perfect sense in my
brain my brain is pretty fried I'll give
you that my brain is pretty wacky I do
my best to protect it from all the 5G by
wearing my tin foil hat all the time
okay but you know
sometimes sometimes I start speaking and
I'm like where am I going with this
right that that was one of those times
anyway I think I've made my point let's
keep going Reserve risk for Bitcoin so
far at the hard right Edge lots of space
above okay now I'm going to butcher this
I think but the reserve risk I believe
is the relationship of the long-term
holders relative to the price so I think
what this implies is when you've got
high confidence in the long-term holders
and a low relative price it tells us
that they're Diamond handed they're
confident in their investment they're
not planning on selling and thus it
could be a cheap time to buy and when
you start to see this metric move higher
it implies that the long-term holders
are no longer confident that the price
rally can be sustained they're starting
to offload their positions right they're
no longer in that diamond hands camper
people and thus synonymous with tops
coming in for Bitcoin where are we today
well we've got a relatively low price
okay lots of space to the upside and
still quite a lot of confidence in the
people that are holding for the long
term so it tells us to keep an open mind
about seeing higher prices walking
forward and another cool onchain metric
is the mvrv Zed score down the bottom
okay you can see this dotted red line at
the top all prior tops we at least came
up and touched it including this one
which in terms of mum was relatively
weak compared to all the other prior
tops and at the hard right Edge okay you
can see plenty of space before we even
get close to it implies that there's
probably more gas left in this Goose
something else I want to point out as
well is the red is the 55 moving average
the 20 period EMA is in green now notice
okay green above red fine that's bullish
okay that's a bullish uptrend bullish
uptrend every time the thing I want to
draw your eyes to is notice where the
top is okay relative to that 20 moving
average okay there's a lot of space
between this 20 period moving average
and and the top there's also a lot of
space between this 20 period moving
average and the top the same in every
case right 20 period moving average lot
of space to the top 20 period moving
average lot of space to the top where
are we today we're not trading a big
space above that 20 period moving
average we are currently sat right on it
which not only aligns with seeing higher
mvrv Z scores but also aligns with
seeing a higher pushup the other thing I
want to draw your eyes to is look how
steady this angle is for those moving
averages okay now compare that to here
and here compare that to here and here
compare that to here and here here and
here what do you notice okay very steep
upward sloping moving averages in every
other case here quite lackluster telling
me at least to keep an open mind about
seeing these things curl up with a
parabolic price all of that would be
permitted by the mvrv Zed score of
course and the reserve risk would also
look something like this if it were to
occur So based on everything I've shown
you so far I think we can be open in a
short and medium term to seeing
continuation to the upside how violent
it goes you know I think mine's pretty
conservative this idea kushi's probably
bit more to the bullish side but I'll be
more than happy with this I won't at all
be surprised as I said earlier if we did
something like this okay and then zoom
out and just look at this whole chart
does that look super insane to you
doesn't look super insane doesn't look
super out of the ordinary that looks
like Bitcoin doing Bitcoin things RSI
has plenty of space as well overhead but
for now at least long strong continue to
push and we will see what the market can
give here is the dollar chart I put the
daily Cycles in for the dollar this
right here was the last daily cycle and
you can see that we have printed a
failed daily cycle so far we're coming
back up but of course Cycle Theory tells
us to expect expect a roll over and for
the next daily cycle low to form below
the prior one and below that failed
cycle so we now have Cycles on our side
telling us to expect a rollover of
course that roll over into the cycle low
it's going to be below the prior lows
should also be below this critical
upward slipping blue support level so if
we can get this roll over okay little
counter Trend Bounce from here something
like this left translated daily cycle
and then off we go okay it sets up that
rollover doesn't it it sets up that
rollover it sets us up for scratching
off this threeyear cycle low and except
in this as the threeyear cycle low and
it also tells me we could potentially be
moving this squiggle down here and this
is what we'd be looking for okay so a
wild time to be alive in this period
here if it is to play out we should
expect major blowoff tops in everything
I'm talking precious metals Bitcoin
crypto stock market a lot so indeed a
wild time to be alive the daily Cycles
are now aligning to tell us to expect
some further downside and like I said
that could indeed catalyze the final
portion of this rally that I've been
talking about and look at the chart of
Truth the 10 year okay back into
resistance this was spoken about you
know a week ago this is normal one to be
expected followed by a rollover
hopefully and of course the big thing
about that is if we do indeed see these
bond yields roll over also said that we
might get this play out more like this
and if indeed that is what happens okay
if indeed this breakout rolls over and
fails then this will be the two-year
yield leading lower which tells us to
keep an open mind about seeing the FED
funds rate lower as well just like I've
showed here many many times before when
the 2-year yield rolls over we typically
see the onset of a Fed cutting cycle
shortly thereafter after every other
time in history we saw this thing occur
and historically stock market and risk
assets top within the first two months
of the onset of that cutting cycle so
again we need to see some more work we
need to see this not follow through to
the upside if it does then we're going
to start to have major invalidation on
this whole rate Cuts in the middle of
the Year idea if this thing can indeed
roll over then the writing will indeed
be on the wall that vnq short that we
chok the stop up on still pushing this
okay let's see if we can get it Bitcoin
continuing to hold above the breakout
level the longer we're above the more
significant it becomes similar to this
third and final angle not 100% convinced
this is going to be the one we follow
but it would fit with this fractal idea
it would kind of fit with a blowoff top
and a left translated cycle so as ever
one day at a time and until the market
proves me wrong until the market
invalidates me then I remain long and
strong see what the market can give
there was some pretty decent back tests
occurring yesterday in the crypto stocks
so looking for those to hold and resume
to the upside and if that can happen
today again that will be a not another
subtle hint that we probably are going
higher in this Bitcoin space we are
getting the normal in to be expected
half high at the moment in the gold and
silver market so happy days there long
strong continue to push across all those
gold and silver related positions we've
got in the members section as well as
always I'll notify you if something
changes oil looking perhaps to break
down so is this a day three or four high
for oil what would this be day three
High maybe as always I want to give it a
little bit of space make sure we can be
sure and then I think it's pretty much
time to look to hop into a trade and the
stock market still no sign of a half
cycle low is there okay and I was saying
this whilst it would be normal and to be
expected to get a half cycle low okay
whilst we might get it today or tomorrow
even if we don't then you can only
interpret this as a hint from the market
a tell that underneath is completely
abnormal underlying strength to this
rally again is exactly the sort of thing
you tend to see in the third and final
blowoff top angle you don't tend to get
big dips in the last section of the
blowoff top because the whole thing is
driven by greed fear of missing out and
Euphoria same deal for the NASDAQ okay
unless we get a half cycle low then the
thing is in full ball bullish blowoff
Top Mode same is true the da the DA got
a little bit of a pullback but again if
it resumes up okay then you have to
listen when the market speaks Russell 2K
still trying to emerge still can't break
free I think when it probably eventually
does then it's going to be pretty
violent to the upside what a wild time
to be alive as ever I'm going to keep
coming back keep repeating myself keep
taking it one day at a time keep
remaining open to all possible outcomes
and until next time I hope you're doing
well in life take care for me all the
best cheers bye
