the price of Bitcoin May absolutely
explode Tomorrow there's a decent chance
altcoins could follow why what's going
on what is happening why is it important
why is it overblown and also I'm going
to tell
you the cold hard facts that nobody else
is willing to tell you today so buckle
in let's get it also I'm not editing
this video or giving to my editors on
the weekend so there's no intro uh so
that was it I'm not a anger listen guys
welcome to B boy crypto uh my name is
bit boy uh I don't care what else you
want to call me my name is bit boy okay
listen here's the thing so uh what is
happening right now is tomorrow there is
a bill going in front of uh one of our
branches of one one of the two hous of
Congress here and uh the fact is is that
this bill is very Pro crypto okay why
why why is it proc crypto it's a a
digital asset Bill basically it's
handing the regulation of digital assets
over to our heroes the cftc man I can't
wait I'm so excited about it you guys
know we hate the SEC now you know Gary K
is my friend I have a lizard named Gary
we call him new Gary now uh we have a
lizard named Liz uh but look you know we
work hand
inand uh with the cftc to destroy the
SEC because the SEC is evil and the cftc
is very pure and everyone knows this so
if this bill work to pass tomorrow or
get more steamed tomorrow is it will be
voted on won't be final version there
will be amendment to it of course but
the fact is is if this gets past
tomorrow I think we're going to see
Bitcoin start heading back to all-time
highs I think the market is going to
pump not tomorrow not going to not going
to hit all-time highs tomorrow
potentially but the fact is why why
because we know that news tends to to
move the market and look the here's the
facts I'm ready to give you guys the
facts about this bill
nobody look guys it none of this stuff
matters it's all fake okay the only
thing that's real is that the boat
children family they use things like
this to take more control they want more
regulation that other fell in the both
children family that that's all they
care about it's getting control guys
anything that's passed regulation wise
right now is going to be for more
control and I'll tell you this stable
coins stable coin regulation they're
about to hit that very hard cuz they're
very worried about uh stable coins I can
tell you more about that in a future
video we got another video coming later
today on the word economic Forum you're
going to want to watch for sure but I I
I can tell you this I I can tell you
that it doesn't matter the truth of the
situation here though it doesn't matter
the reality that guys there's no such
thing as the cftc
versus there's no such thing it's not
real uh remember that Republican versus
Democrat thing I told you about the
other day I announced my Republicans
ship
because it's all stupid and it's they
want you to pick a sign that's that's
that's what you don't realize they want
you to pick a side that way you go into
one other groups they know how to handle
you right it's those of us that uh don't
pick sides that stand in the middle that
stand in the Gap that are the ones who
um you know uh understand what's
actually happening and I got to be
honest with you I wasn't in that group
until recently I I had not actually been
red not Republican red pilled red pilled
to what the truth is about what's really
going on out there and I believe though
that while I know that it doesn't matter
if the cftc takes control of crypto or
the SEC it's all ran by the book
children's and the trafi and the banking
system it's all ran by them it it
doesn't matter I get it um however
people don't know that and narratives
don't know that and people the pp the
market and market makers don't know that
so similarly to how we always see
movement around elections presidential
elections and big elections terms uh for
regular markets I I I think if we do get
some announcements around this tomorrow
that we will see some big movement on
the markets because there's a narrative
remember the false narratives guys The
Narrative is the sec's anti crypto and I
tell you everybody else they all for it
the sec's hold us back that's a
narrative it's all false it's all fake
none of it is real the cftc and SEC
they're both branches of government even
these branches the government really
argue back and forth like they do uh do
you know how much that makes us look so
freaking week you know how stuff's all
orchestrated right uh tell you you guys
stick with me uh we're going to teach
you what's really going on the markets
but uh the fact is is I do believe that
tomorrow there is an opportunity for a
gigantic massive pump I believe I'll be
live streaming tomorrow I do not have
100% confirmation for that all I can
tell you guys is if it's not tomorrow uh
this is going to be a really really
really exciting week is what I have to
say uh who knows maybe by the end of the
week but I can tell you guys what uh
call in the shot this is going to be a
good
week for the markets it's Bitcoin is
going to start charging up to alltime
highs as you guys know um but look uh I
I believe something that a lot of people
are not thinking about is the consensus
pump uh we do have consensus at the end
of the month and the the price of
Bitcoin has consistently pumped around
the major conferences and consensus
right now is the first major conference
this year and the Bitcoin conference is
not until obviously well aside token 249
du buy but you know obviously the
Bitcoin conference isn't until July so I
think right now we're going to get a
really good pump I think the Bitcoin
conference was anticipating alltime
highs for Bitcoin in July this year I
think that's what they were counting on
and then the markets just moved because
remember n of people are in charge
there's only one one entity is in charge
one entity is chipping away and trying
to figure out what's really going on um
and then the rest of us all caught in
the middle that's what it is everybody
else fits into groups and categories
just go just go watch Ray Doo's changing
World Order video uh and then come back
and holler at me uh so uh but the big
news is guys is that we are going to get
some big crypto news politically
tomorrow it could pump the markets
remember it could dump the markets as
well um the SEC could have some kind of
announcement to counteract whatever
they're doing but just remember guys
it's all dog and pony show when you
remember that what you're watching is a
script and it's a movie
it's easier to call out what's going to
happen next remember that so I got be
blessed out
