breaking news Bitcoin just printed this
cryptic candle right here hot off the
press the lowest body close of the past
70 days this big red candle has a huge
hidden message as to the move that
Bitcoin is about to make also middle of
the screen RSI weekly chart breaking key
Market structure and for the first time
all year making a pivot lower low this
is huge news and it could spell some
warning signs for what is coming soon
for Bitcoin also bottom of your screen
stochastic RSI our momentum about to
have a cross to the upside that could
spell fireworks we have a lot to get to
in this video what we are going to do is
break all of these facts down and then
I'm going to tell you based on all of
these facts what you should be doing
right now in Bitcoin welcome I'm Steve
here we deliver honest sponsorship free
ta with genuine value subscribe for a
nobs approach that actually helps you
subscribe let's jump into it we're on
the Bitcoin US dollar Index and we are
on the weekly chart we have three
components to today's video we have
price action with this cryptic candle
this huge candle that Bitcoin just
printed with the lowest body close of
the entire 70-day period also the RSI
middle of our screen and the stochastic
RSI we're going to break down these
three parts we're going to look at all
of the facts and break them down in a
logical and sensical Manner and then at
the end of the video I'm going to give
you what you should be doing right now
based on these facts that we have
uncovered in the charts including this
key candle that we just printed hot off
the press let's start with price action
what we see with price action is we have
some resistance Zone with this red line
up here the red line is at
73,500
73,800 okay that's the resistance that
we see the bottom line is our support
this red line is at about
58,500 what we've noticed is that we've
been bouncing in this channel for 70
days a little over 70 days what we also
notice is that we're in this white
Channel which is very very interesting
and Incredibly noteworthy and rather
bullish I'm going to get to that a
little bit later but for now take a look
at these parallel lines we will talk
about those in a moment but what you can
also see is that this green line is
quickly approaching price action
something that we have been waiting for
and we've seen incredible support off of
that line with the previous week of of
this candle had a huge Wick down right
to this green level which is a level
that we have been waiting for for quite
some time if you look back in history
this little old green line right here
which is the 21 Ma you can see it right
here on the chart the 21 SMA is on our
chart and what we've noticed is that in
every single Bull Run we tend to hold
this moving average as support and
during the bare Market we tend to hold
it as resistance very very simple way to
put this 21 SMA on your chart and follow
along at home because it presents great
buying opportunities when we get close
to there as we did in last week's candle
there was just a tremendous amount of
buying pressure and momentum coming into
the market protecting this areas this is
the Bulls protecting this areas buying
it up in large quantities and then we
moved into this candle which is hot off
the press we had the low EST body
clothes out of the past 70 days a lot of
noteworthy material here but we are
still in this parallel white Channel
which we'll get to in a moment so what
we need to cover is what this white
channel is what it means for Bitcoin as
well as this candle that's hot off the
press with the lowest body clo in 70
days tilt your phone to the side and
subscribe we've got it uncover what that
means but to really understand it and
its significance we have to uncover
what's happening in the RSI and the
stochastic RSI because these are two key
components to the puzzle let's jump into
our stochastic RSI what you can see
right away is we made a pivot high back
in December 2023 we made a higher high
back in March 204 this is really good
structurally in the middle of that we
made our pivot low right what you want
to see in a continued uptrend is
continued higher highs and continued
higher lows what we've seen recently is
not only a break of this structure this
key structure that was in our charts
back in April of 23 back in June of 23
and this pivot low here we broke that
structure and at the same time we made a
lower low this was our previous low this
was our lower low this is not good this
is a break of key Market structure and a
potential warning sign of what's to come
what Bitcoin would have to do to avoid
this trouble is with our next rally we
need the RSI on the weekly chart to make
a higher high we need to get higher than
88 in other words if you look and zoom
out we've been 88 or higher only a
handful of times in bitcoin's entire
history right you can literally count
them on your hands and what we need to
the market to do to continue an uptrend
is Bitcoin for its next rally the RSI to
get higher than 88 at the end of the
video I'm going to discuss whether or
not I believe this is going to be likely
or unlikely but we'll have to wait to
really uncover some more facts now also
with the RSI what I want you to notice
is this structure that was broken right
we had this pivot low this was not only
this pivot high this pivot High here was
some resistance Zone and we're using
this Zone as dating back all the way
here to 2020 this zone is dating all the
way back into the early days of Bitcoin
it's a key Zone that was just broken
with a structure of this move that just
printed right these candles are hot off
the press this information I'm giving
you is literally hot off the press right
what we notice at the bottom of our
screen the stochastic RSI stochastic RSI
is our momentum and what you notice is
we are getting very very close to having
stochastic RSI cross these things only
happen one two or three times per year
per year these things are big they Mark
bitcoin's biggest moves and generally
speaking it happens every 6 months like
clockwork I'm dropping a bonus video
showing love to everyone who has my
indicator bundle Wednesday May 15th just
watch your email wait to see what I have
to say some big trades are lining up you
can go back to right here right July
2021 stochastic RI cross up big move big
move in Price Right six months later we
have one in January 2022 6 months later
we have one in June 2022 6 months later
we have one in December 2022 it's like
clockwork every six months we have a
stochastic ride cross and it marks the
biggest move it's it's our momentum
right one thing to keep in mind is that
the our momentum can stay below our 20
line for a period of time a simple way
to think about it is you can look at the
charts and you can say wow sometimes we
stay below this 20 line for a long time
like we did here and sometimes we stay a
long time like we did here and here is
there any sort of easy way to understand
like how do we know when it's going to
stay below here a long time like it did
here for how long was it let's take a
look 126 days sometimes it's like really
short like recently sometimes it's
really long the easiest way to
understand it is during a bare Market we
stay below here for an extended period
of time case in point here bare Market
had just started and we stay below here
a long time stayed below here a long
time right here the bare Market was
heating up and getting to the next level
stayed below a long time right here
again bare Market full-fledged bare
Market once we got into the bow with
this cross this cross this cross with uh
with respect this is November 2022 this
is June 23 and this is September 23
these were all very shortlived why the
bull market had started so the easiest
way to understand the stochastic RSI and
how long we stay below the 20 Level keep
in mind that 20 level according to the
developer of the stochastic RSI more
than 30 something years ago he said
we've got to get back above the 20 level
for that cross to become official so
that's why we're talking about the 20
Level but to know how long we stay below
it it's just ask yourself are we in a
bull market or are we in a bare market
right we've been in a bull market since
here that's why we've had short live
times below this 20 Level so we've been
here below this 20 level for just a
short period of time so far we're
talking about two to three weeks it's
really short so far right just like
these other ones now what we want to
look for is a stochastic RSI cross and a
confirmation above the 20 that will tell
us the momentum is coming back into the
market and that will be a full-fledged
rally in this bull cycle but again we
need the RSI to get above here and make
a high higher high otherwise it will be
a failed rally what does that mean well
when you have broken structure like this
where you broken the structure and you
created a new pivot low it's just an
early warning sign that that next leg up
that next rally might be a fake out
rally case in point the two-month candle
is really identifying like hey bitcoin's
going to make a rally soon but it's
going to be a fake out according to the
two-month candle again the two-month
candle
some people may get confused by it it's
it's a much larger time frame it doesn't
affect today and tomorrow in the next
day the herd Grandma Betty they're
always freaking out about what Bitcoin
is doing at the moment oh my God it's up
4 cents it's down $7 let's freak out
just hold your breath don't worry take a
deep breath everything is fine don't
worry about what Grandma Betty is doing
she's always been crazy what you want to
do is focus on the charts these larger
time frames are much broader this tilt
your phone to the side and subscribe
this is something that will affect hope
like potentially the next year right
this next 2024 the rest of this year
could be affected by this little old
candle right what we see in front of us
is Bitcoin has a chance to null and void
this candle this two-month candle that
could cause a lot of problems this the
only thing that Bitcoin has on its side
to combat this two-month candle to fight
this two-month candle is the stochastic
RSI and our momentum something that
again only happens one to three times
per year in marks bitcoin's biggest
moves of the year what we need is
Bitcoin to have its biggest move of the
year we need the RSI to get above here
and make a pivot high and we need to get
out of this Zone that we've been in with
the resistance Zone at 73 we need all of
those things to happen to continue our
rally if if all of those things don't
happen it's a fake out rally and we will
plummet even lower than the lows that we
created here but there's still going to
be a lot of money to make because a
stochastic r i cross will push prices up
it'll be hard not to make
10% it'll likely be hard not to make 15%
on a trade with the stochastic RS I
cross it'll be difficult right that's
why there's money to be made even if
it's a fake out rally so worst case
scenario still money to be made that's
the worst case scenario right the best
case scenario is that Bitcoin fights
this two-month candle and defeats it
plain and simple the only way it can
defeat it is with this stochastic rsic
cross so let's make sense of it right
we've got price action heading down to
this moving average the 21 SMA which we
came down to last week again great
buying opportunities what we can see is
let's dig into this candle more and
let's dig into what this zone is and
let's make more sense of this and then
I'll tell you what you should be doing
right now but when we look at it for 70
days we've been moving sideways again
markets move in two ways there's either
trending markets or sideways markets
that's it you can Trend up or down right
so there's trending markets and sideway
markets often times Bitcoin is moving in
a sideways market right it does that for
usually during the bull phases a period
of 100ish days like it did here 100ish
days moving sideways like it did here
100ish days moving sideways like it's
doing now 100ish days moving sideways
and then it's trending this is a
trending market right this is a trending
market right here this is a trending
market right here this is a trending
market right here the markets that trend
are very volatile very exciting and
these markets that move sideways usually
move structurally it's very structurally
driven right what we can see is that
we've been inside of this channel now
again this red line is our resistance
this red line is our support and we're
looking mainly at these white lines now
what are these white lines well this is
a flag right what you can see is that
Bitcoin moved up into this area at
73,000 ,000 and things were looking
pretty and everyone was at the edge of
their seats Bitcoin has been rising week
after week after week and we got above
73,000 and everyone was freaking out and
they were talking about a 100,000 it was
all in the comments and every video we
made oh my God we're about to get to
100,000 and the 5.3 theory is about to
be defeated oh my God Steve what do you
think about this the 5.3 the is about to
be defeated and we put out a video when
Bitcoin was above 73 ,000 and this is
what we had to say roll the clip
attention cryptocurrency investors and
Traders there is a major correction
coming to the crypto space that will
take the World by storm and surprise
most but it's going to present one of
the best buying opportunities of this
bull run if you've missed out so far so
In that clip we were at 73,000 it was
incredibly unpopular what we had to say
but we said said a large big surprise
correction was coming to bitcoin that
people were going to be caught off guard
but it would present a really good
buying opportunity that's precisely what
we said two months ago it was very very
unpopular at the time but you can see
that was two months ago and we've never
touched 73,000 since and we've had some
great buying opportunities right in
front of our face in that same video I
believe it was that video or maybe the
the next day I gave you a buying
strategy to use which literally would
have told you three or four different
times to buy at 60,000 or 59,000 or
58,000 literally multiple different
times so again you want to stay focused
on the facts men lie women lie the
charts don't lie you want to stay
levelheaded you don't want to overtrade
you want to make strategic moves this is
still a bull market so with all of these
facts let's round up what this white
line is and how it's very significant
and then I'll tell you what you should
be doing right now as well as what this
cryptic candle is in the hidden message
so let's break down these white
lines so we have resistance at this Top
Channel right these are parallel
channels by the way we have resistance
at this Top Channel we have support at
this bottom Channel these are both
parallel lines we have a lot of candles
we have a lot of touch points at the
bottom we need at least three for
anything to be legit legate we have
easily three on the bottom we have
easily three on the top this is a bull
flag what you see here is this is our
flag pole and this is the flag pattern
and when you see it pointing downward
like it is it's in a bullish formation
these typically break to the upside that
doesn't mean they always break to the
upside sometimes they break to the
bottom there's nothing in charting that
tilt your phone to the side and
subscribe that is 100% it does this or
100% does that if anybody's telling you
that run away it's probably Grandma
Betty telling you that because she's
delusional what these things do is the
majority of them break to the upside
right with trading and with charting you
want to minimize risks and maximize
reward what you don't want to ever do is
trade inside of any pattern any if you
ever see hear somebody hey we're in this
head and shoulders hey we're in this cup
and handle whatever pattern we're in
never trade inside of a pattern ever you
want to trade on the confirmation of the
pattern this means if we're in a bull
flag you want to trade on a confirmation
of a breakout of said bull flag when you
trade on that you minimize risk and you
maximize reward it's that simple this is
a simple game of strategy you're playing
against all the other humans in this
space money always moves from imp
patient hands to Patient hands always
and forever for the history of mankind
you want to be patient you want to be
strategic you want to minimize risks you
want to maximize reward that's the game
we're playing stop overtrading stop
overthinking keep it simple based on
facts that's it right so we're inside of
this pattern have we confirmed any
pattern yet no have we confirmed any
breakout yet no have we confirmed any
breakdown yet no we're still inside this
pattern this is a bull flag facts plain
and simple this is our poll this is our
flag right so what you see is that we're
starting to get heavy support at this
green line surprise surprise we talked
about this green line when it was way
the hell back down here right I told you
back when we were at like 50,000 and I
said this is a moving average it rises
by the day be patient here we are right
last week's Kindle came right down to it
so what you can see is this candle that
just printed by the way with the body
having the lowest close of the last 70
days what does this mean let's get to
the meaning of this candle and then
we're going to tie all three of these
together and then I'm going to tell you
what you should be doing right now so
this candle with the lowest body cloes
what does it mean it just means that the
Bowls have a stronger strangle hold on
the market the strongest that they've
had so far right now now the previous
week's candle was green whoopy Doo who
cares but the wick is really the key
here the wick of last week's candle came
all the way down here and it was bought
up right and then we had the lowest body
cloes which tells us that last week's
candle had a bit of Hope from the Bulls
but it was just squashed by the Bears
this past candle that just literally
just printed hot off the press is
telling us that those hopes and dreams
are squandered
irrelevant right we had the lowest body
close which tells us that hey the Bulls
good luck you know wait for your
stochastic rside cross but right now is
not your time so what we do have for the
Bulls is this green line right so if you
take price action into consideration we
have this bull flag we have this support
zone right you can take the RSI into
consideration broken structure warning
signs and then you can take the
stochastic RI into consideration we
still have downward momentum we do not
have a cross yet and again as I told you
in all of the weeks past prices will
continue to fall until we have a
stochastic R ey cross it's that simple
so could we expect Bitcoin to be down
below here for the next 100 days
unlikely we're in a bull market it's not
likely that we stay below this 20 Level
like as long as we did during bare
markets we're not in a bare market so we
shouldn't stay down below here for the
next 100 days it should be relatively
quick we're talking like the next two to
four weeks it's very likely we're going
to have a stochastic RI cross within the
next handful of weeks right now whether
we confirm that is another story so what
what could happen is this fake out rally
right we've got this bull Flag Great
we've got this structure here that's
broken we have momentum gun that's a
going to be breaking to the upside in
the coming weeks but what should you be
doing now based on all of this well in
the big picture we have that two-month
candle which I showed you in last week's
video this is very bearish but it
doesn't impact today and tomorrow it
cares less about these little time zones
these time frames where you're picking
up Pennies on the ground this is for the
big boy in the big girl moves and yes I
said big girl moves this is for the big
kid moves plain simple right this
two-month candle is essentially saying
our next rally may be a fake out rally
the only chance Bitcoin has to null and
void that is for the RSI to make a
higher high and for us to break 73k with
the stochastic RI cross the only way
we're going to do it is with a
stochastic RI cross but we're showing
signs of weakness breaking the structure
and our two-month candle right right now
the two-month candle is King until
proven otherwise and the only way it
could break is the stochastic ri right
so based on those these are again
everything I just said is pure facts if
you like facts you need to subscribe we
talk about pure facts right what you
want to be doing right now based on
these facts is I want you to think more
strategically with your moves in Bitcoin
and crypto right I want you to trade
less I want you to be more levelheaded
and I want you to know money always
moves from impatient hands to Patient
hands this is true for the history of
mankind anything to do with money right
if you want to make a little bit of
money you buy atast side crosses it's
that simple right it would be difficult
not to make 10% if you're into these
kind of short trades right what we don't
know yet is if this is going to be a
failed rally obviously we are seeing
signs warning signs that this next rally
will be a failed rally we're not seeing
signs that this next rally is going to
be Monumental we're seeing signs that
this next rally is going to be a failed
rally until proven otherwise right even
with that said there's still money to be
made and this is still a bull market it
would be silly not to think long term
about Bitcoin if you like Bitcoin and
you believe in its future you should be
buying the whole bull run when you see
dips like this if you're in Bitcoin long
term it would be silly not to these are
strategic plays I want you to think like
set it and forget it right you could go
after these little 10% moves right these
are kind of
cute or you can think long term like hey
I'm going to be in Bitcoin for 10 years
and I'm going to continuously add to my
position when there're strategic
opportunities to minimize risks and
maximize
reward right even if the 5.3 Theory ends
up playing out which nobody knows at
this point but let's say it does there's
still money to be made from now until
then and there's more money to be made
in the next
cycle so it would be ideal to be in the
market and think more long-term and to
minimize risks and to maximize reward
that's where I want want to get you to
right it's again I've been saying this
whole bull run it's more risky to be out
of Bitcoin than in Bitcoin I've said it
on repeat Non-Stop and people say why
Steve why do you keep repeating the same
thing it's do you want me to change my
opinion in every video I don't do that
you can watch my videos for the last
seven years I'm remarkably consistent
throughout the entire Bull Run and I'm
remarkably consistent throughout the
entire bare Market I keep everybody
levelheaded with the same consistent
message that gets into your brain that
helps you make better decisions if you
want somebody who's very emotional and
one one day I'm screaming this and the
other day I'm screaming that I'm never
going to do that I'm not that kind of
guy I'm not that channel that channel if
you want it I'm sure there's some
channels out there that do that we're
not like that incredibly consistent fact
driven fact based information that's
what we're about so hit the Subscribe
button I'll see you right back here in
the next video this bull run is our road
to half a million subscribers but I need
your help today tell one person about
our YouTube channel how we spit facts go
against the herd take no paid
sponsorships of any kind road to Half A
Millie let's go
